 s-land.
 you look like you live with your mother.
are you through? you do of course try on, when you buy?yes, it was purple, i liked it, i don't actually recall considering the buttons.
oh, you don't recall? uh, no, not at this time.
well, senator, i'd just like to know, what you knew and when you knew it.
mr.
 seinfeld.
 mr.
 costanza.
 are, are you sure this is decaf? where's the orange indicator?it's missing, i have to do it in my head: decaf left, regular right, decaf left, regular right it's very challenging work.
can you relax, it's a cup of coffee.
 claire is a professional waitress.
trust me george.
 no one has any interest in seeing you on caffeine.
how come you're not doin the second show tomorrow?well, there's this uh, woman might be comin in.
wait a second, wait a second, what coming in, what woman is coming in?i told you about laura, the girl i met in michigan?no, you didn't!i thought i told you about it, yes, she teaches political science? i met her the night i did the show in lansing ha.
 s no milk in here, what wait wait wait, what is she what is she like?oh, she's really great.
 i mean, she's got like a real warmth about her and she's really bright and really pretty and uh the conversation though, i mean, it was talking with her is like talking with you, but, you know, obviously much better.
 so, you know, what, what happened?oh, nothing happened, you know, but is was great.
oh, nothing happened, but it was yeah.
this is great!yeah.
so, you know, she calls and says she wants to go out with you tomorrow night? god bless! devil you!yeah, well not exactly.
 i mean, she said, you know, she called this morning and said she had to come in for a seminar and maybe we'll get together.
  come in?yeah, but 'had to come in and maybe we'll get together'? had to and maybe'?yeah!no no no, i hate to tell you this.
 you're not gonna see this woman.
what, are you serious why, why did she call?how do i know, maybe, you know, maybe she wanted to be polite.
 to be polite? you are insane!all right, all right, i didn't want to tell you this.
 you wanna know why she called you?yes!you're a back-up, you're a second-line, a just-in-case, a b-plan, a contingency!oh, i get it, this is about the button.
claire, claire, you're a woman, right?what gave it away, george?uhm i'd like to ask you ask you to analyze a hypothetical phone call, you know, from a female point of view.
 now, a woman calls me, all right? uh huh.
she says she has to come to new york on business oh you are beautiful! and, and maybe she'll see me when she gets there, does this woman intend to spend time with me?i'd have to say, uuhh, no.
 to be polite.
to be polite.
 i rest my case.
good.
 did you have fun? you have no idea, what you're talking about, now, come on, come with me.
 i gotta go get my stuff out of the dryer anyway.
i'm not gonna watch you do laundry.
oh, come on, be a come-with guy.
come on, i'm tired.
 ll perk up.
 right, i knew i felt something!jerry? i have to tell you something.
 this is the dullest moment i've ever experienced.
 well, look at this guy.
 look, he's got everything, he's got detergents, sprays, fabric softeners.
 this is not his first load.
i need a break, jerry, you know.
 i gotta get out of the city.
 i feel so cramped and you didn't even hear how she sounded.
what?!laura.
i can't believe- we already discussed this!yeah, but how could you be so sure?'cause it's signals, jerry, it's signals! tomorrow night, if you were busy?no.
she calls you today and she doesn't make a plan for tomorrow? what is that? it's saturday night!yeah.
what is that? it's ridiculous! you don't even know what hotel she's staying at, you can't call her.
 that's a signal, jerry, that's a signal! signal!maybe you're right.
maybe i'm right? of course i'm right.
this is insane.
 you know, i don't even know where she's staying! she, she's not gonna call me, this is unbelievable.
i know, i know.
 listen, your stuff has to be done by now, why don't you just see if it's dry?no no no, don't interrupt the cycle.
 the machine is working, it, it knows what it's doing.
 just let it finish.
you're gonna overdry it.
you, you can't overdry.
why not?same as you can't overwet.
 you see, once something is wet, it's wet.
 same thing with death.
 like once you die you're dead, right? let's say you drop dead and i shoot you.
 you're not gonna die again, you're already dead.
 you can't overdie, you can't overdry.
 any questions?how could she not tell me where she was staying? look at that.
 they're done! laundry day is the only exciting day in the life of clothes.
 it is y'know, think about it.
 the washing machine is the nightclub of clothes.
 you know, it's dark, there's bubbles happening, they're all kinda dancing around in there- shirt grabs the underwear, c'mon babe, let's go'.
 you come by, you open up the lid and they'll- t your biggest problem right now.
 you gotta get the harpoon out your chest first.
  m sorry, you have the wrong number.
 yeah, no  yeah?are you up? yeah, people do move.
 have you ever seen the big trucks out on the street? yeah, no problem.
boy, the mets blew it tonight, huh?  clock in the morning! i avoided human contact all night to watch this.
hey, i'm sorry, i- you know, i, i thought you knew.
 you got any meat?meat? i don't, i don't know, go hunt! well what happened in the game anyway? s what happened!you know, i almost wound up going to that game.
 t been out of the building in ten years!yeah.
 are you done with this?no.
when you're done, let me know.
yeah, yeah you can have it tomorrow.
i thought i wasn't allowed to be in here this weekend.
no, it's okay now, that, that girl is not comin'.
 uh, i misread the whole thing.
you want me to talk to her?i don't think so.
oh, i can be very persuasive.
 do you know that i was almost a lawyer.
that close, huh?you better believe it.
hello oh, hi, laura.
oh, give me it let me talk to her.
 m always up at this hour.
 how are you? great sure what time does the plane get in? i got my friend george to take me  slide! wow!no, it's, it's just my neighbour um yeah, i got it.
 t believe it.
 that was her.
 she wants to stay here! if my father was moving this he'd had to have a cigarette in his mouth the whole way.
 you know, i can't believe you're bringin in an extra bed for woman that wants to sleep with you.
 why don't you bring in an extra guy too?look, it's a very awkward situation.
 i don't wanna be presumptuous.
all right, all right, one more time, one more time! what was the exact phrasing of the request?all right, she said she couldn't find a decent hotel room a decent hotel-room yeah, a decent hotel-room, would it be terribly inconvenient if she stayed at my place.
you can't be serious.
 this is new york city.
 there must be eleven million decent hotel rooms! whatta you need? a flag? this is the signal, jerry, this is the signal!  this is the signal? thank you, mr.
 signal.
 where were you yesterday?i think i was affected by the caffeine.
 ho, ho, ho, good dog, good dog hey, he really likes you, george.
well, that's flattering.
 oh, he's gettin a drink of water.
 is this for that girl?yeah.
why even give her an option?this is a person i like, it's not how to score on spring break'.
right, can we go? cause i'm double-parked, i'm gonna get a ticket.
yeah, okay.
 oh, wait a second.
 oh, i forgot to clean the bathroom.
so what? that's good.
now, how could that be good?because filth is good.
 whaddaya think, rock stars have sponges and ammonia lyin around the bathroom? they, have a woman comin over, i've gotta tidy up? yeah right, in these matters you never do what your instincts tell you.
 always, always do the opposite.
this is how you operate?yeah, i wish.
let me just wipe the sink.
why even give her an option for?  s unbelievable.
yeah.
how's the real estate-business? along.
 why? did you need something.
do you handle any of that commercial real estate?well, i might be getting into that.
 you keep me posted!i'm aware of you.
 s go!the dating world is not a fun world it's a pressure world, it's a world of tension, it's a world of pain and you know, if a woman comes over to my house, i gotta get that bathroom ready, cause she needs things.
 women need equipment.
 i don't know what they need.
 i know i don't have it, i know that- you know what they need, women seem to need a lot of cotton-balls.
 this is the one i'm- always has been one of the amazing things to me i have no cotton-balls, we're all human beings, what is the story? i've never had one i never bought one, i never needed one, i've never been in a situation, when i thought to myself: i could use a cotton-ball right now.
 i can certainly get out of this mess.
 women need them and they don't need one or two, they need thousands of them, they need bags, they're like peat moss bags, have you ever seen these giant bags? they're huge and two days later, they're out, they're gone, the, the bag is empty, where are the cotton-balls, ladies? what are you doin with them? the only time i ever see em is in the bottom of your little waste basket, there's two or three, that look like they've been through some horrible experience tortured, interrogated, i don't know what happened to them.
 i once went out with a girl who's left a little zip-lock-baggy of cotton-balls over at my house.
 i don't know what to do with them, i took them out, i put them on my kitchen floor like little tumbleweeds.
 i thought maybe the cockroaches would see it, figure this is a dead town.
 let's move on.
 the dating world is a world of pressure.
 let's face it: a date is a job interview that lasts all night.
 the only difference between a date and a job interview is not many job interviews is there a chance you'll end up naked at the end of it.
 you know? well, bill, the boss thinks you're the man for the position, why don't you strip down and meet some of the people you'll be workin with? wouldn't it be great if you could ask a woman what she's thinking?what a world that would be, if you just could ask a woman what she's thinkin'.
you know, instead, i'm like a detective.
 i gotta pick up clues, the whole thing is a murder investigation.
listen, listen, don't get worked up, cause you're gonna know the whole story the minute she steps off the plane.
really? how?'cause it's all in the greeting.
 uh-huh.
all right, if she puts the bags down before she greets you, that's a good sign.
right.
you know, anything in the, in the lip area is good.
lip area.
you know a hug: definitely good.
hug is definitely good.
sure.
although what if it's one of those hugs where the shoulders are touching, the hips are eight feet apart?that's so brutal, i hate that.
you know how they do that?that's why, you know, a shake is bad.
shake is bad, but what if it's the two-hander? the hand on the bottom, the hand on the top, the warm look in the eyes?hand sandwich.
right.
i see, well, that's open to interpretation.
 because so much depends on the layering and the quality of the wetness in the eyes.
 guess who?hey, hey.
heeeey!it's good to see you.
hi.
this is my friend george.
hi, how nice to meet you.
hi, how are you?this is laura.
laura, sure.
 re here.
ooh yeah, the bags, sure.
 oh, thank you.
 now that was an interesting greeting, did you notice that, george?yes, the surprise blindfold greeting.
 that wasn't in the manual, i don't know.
so uh, what do you think?ooohhh, wow! this place isn't so bad.
yeah, it kind a motivates me to work on the road.
 so uh, make yourself at home.
 so uh, can i get you anything? uuhhh, bread, water salad-dressing? actually, um, do you have any wine?uh, yeah, i think i do.
 oh, do you mind if i turn this down?uh, no, yeah, go right ahead.
uh, jerry, uh, i was wandering, would it be possible and if it's not, fine for me to stay here tomorrow night too?uh, yeah, yeah, sure, why don't you stay? yeah, uhm what is your, what is your schedule for tomorrow? are you, are you doin anything?no, i'd love to do something.
 uh, i have my seminar in the morning, then after that i'm right open.
really? what would you like to do?well now i know this sounds touristy, but i'd just love to go on one of those five-hour boat rides around manhattan.
 re here.
 s for you.
 never get engaged.
 re engaged?you, you really have no idea what it's like until you actually do it.
 and i'm on this emotional roller coaster.
you're engaged? you know, i can't believe it myself sometimes.
 you have to start thinking in terms of we'.
 ugh, it's a very stressful situation.
 re engaged.
 yeah, yeah, he's a great guy yeah.
you'd really like him, you know, i can't wait to get on that boat.
me too!i swear, i have absolutely no idea what women are thinking.
 i don't get it, okay? i, i, i admit, i, i'm not getting the signals.
 i am not getting it! women, they're so subtle, their little everything they do is subtle.
 men are not subtle, we are obvious.
 women know what men want, men know what men want, what do we want? we want women, that's it! it's the only thing we know for sure, it really is.
 we want women.
 how do we get them? oh, we don't know bout that, we don't know.
 the next step after that we have no idea.
 this is why you see men honking car-horns, yelling from construction sites.
 these are the best ideas we've had so far.
 the car-horn honk, is that a beauty? have you seen men doing this? what is this? the man is in the car, the woman walks by the front of the car, he honks.
 e-eeehh, eehhh, eehhh! this man is out of ideas.
 how does it ? e-e-e-eeeehhhh! i don't think she likes me.
 the amazing thing is, that we still get women, don't we? men, i mean, men are with women.
 you see men with women.
 how are men getting women, many people wonder.
 let me tell you a little bit about our organization.
 wherever women are, we have a man working on the situation right now.
 now, he may not be our best man, okay, we have a lot of areas to cover, but someone from our staff is on the scene.
 that's why, i think, men get frustrated, when we see women reading articles, like: where to meet men? we're here, we are everywhere.
 we're honking our horns to serve you better.
so, i'm on line at the supermarket.
 two women in front of me.
 one of them, her total was eight dollars, the other three dollars.
 they both of course choose to pay by the use of the cheque.
cheque.
 now, the fact is, if it's a woman in front of you that's writing the cheque, you will not be waiting long.
 i have noticed that women are very fast with cheques, y'know, cause they write out so many cheques.
 the keys, they can never find in their purse, they don't know where that is, but the cheque book: they got that.
 they never fumble for the cheque book.
 the cheque book comes out of a holster: what's that one?'coccoon ii: the return'.
 i guess they didn't like it up there.
maybe they came back for chinese food.
 y'know maureen stapleton, if she gets a craving, she's probably screamin at those aliens, i gotta have a lo mein!'okay, what're we doing here? i have seen everything.
oh yeah? i don't believe you've seen this.
oh, lovely.
yeah.
what do you think their parents think?'so, uh, what's your son doing now, dr.
 stevens? 'oh, he's a public fornicator.
 yes, he's a fine boy 'y'know what? this would be a really funny gift for pamela's birthday.
pamela? do i know her?yeah, you met her when we were going out.
oh yeah, right you have no idea who i'm talking about, do you? no.
blonde hair, remember? glasses? have you totally blocked out the entire time we were a couple? riverside drive.
right! in fact no, never mind well, what is it?well, a bunch of people are getting together tomorrow night at some bar for her birthday, but t want to go to that no.
wait a second, wait a second.
 we could work out a little deal here.
what little deal?i will go to that, if you go with me to a little family wedding i have on saturday.
a wedding? have you lost it, man?y'know, my parents are coming in for this they're coming in?yeah, tomorrow.
hey, did your father ever get that hair weave?no, no.
 still doin the big sweep across.
why does he do that?doesn't think anyone can tell.
 so c'mon, do we have a deal?a wedding?there's a lot of people to mock all right, what the hell.
great!when you're dead, you're dead.
 that's it.
 you're not goin anywhere c'mon lets go was i supposed to bring something?you could have.
i met her one time it is not necessary.
what did you say then?sssshhhhhh!!!hihi, pamela, you remember jerry.
 yes, we met.
hi, happy birthday.
thanks, ah, everybody, this is elaine and jerry.
hii didn't bring anything.
uh, i put you two right here.
oh, okay t know what to bring, nobody told me.
how big a tip do you think it'd take to get him to stop?i'm in for five i'll supply the hat.
 uh-oh what do we have here?why don't you relax and take your jacket off?oh, i can't.
 uh, i have a tendency to get chilly.
how masculine.
plus i'm wearing short sleeves, i don't want to expose my tattoos.
 s unbelievable! hey, this guy says he knows bricker.
oh, you know bricker! from where? t maneouver anyway with elaine next to me.
 how do you know pamela?uh, friend of a friend.
 and you?we went to law school together.
 oh, jerry! oh no, not now.
i had this dream last night and you were in it.
oh really? oh god, i gotta get out of this.
you were you, but, you weren't you no kidding.
 why is this happening? please, make her stop!i think, i think we were in my house where i grew up, and you were standing there, you were looking out the window  this is brutal.
you turned around and you had these wooden teeth.
how do you like that? m stuck.
 jerry? are you listening to me?yes, i heard you.
elaine, what's the name of that jewelry store you took me to that time? re a lawyer sagman, bennet, robbins, oppenheim and taft.
 of course, they handled my tattoo removal lawsuit.
oh, that was you?imagine, spelling mom with two o's.
very funny! what do you do?comedian.
really? that explains it.
 sagman, bennet, robbins, oppenheim and taft.
 sagman, bennet, robbins, oppenheim and taft.
are you ready?we gotta run.
 happy birthday! t even know her name! sagman, bennet, robbins, oppenheim and taft.
 sagman, bennet, robbins, oppen sagman sag that wasn't so bad, really.
y'know, um, you could use a little work on your manners.
why? what did i do?wel-well, i just don't appreciate these little courtesy responses, like i'm selling you aluminum siding.
i was listening!no! you couldn't wait to get back to your little conversation'.
no, you were talking about the, the um, the dream you had.
uh-huh where you had, uh, wooden teeth.
no! no! you had wooden teeth! you had wooden teeth! i didn't have wooden teeth, you did!all right, so i had wooden teeth, so what?so nothing! nothing.
 apparently plato, who came up with the concept of the platonic relationship, was pretty excited about it.
 he named it after himself.
 he said, yeah, i got this new thing: platonic.
 my idea, my name, callin it after myself.
 what i do is, i go out with the girls, i talk with them- don't do anything, and go right home.
 what'd you think? i think it's going to be big! i bet you there were other guys in history that tried to get relationships named after them, but it didn't work.
 y'know, i bet you there were guys who tried to do it, just went, uh, hi, uh my name's rico.
 would you like to go to bed immediately? hey, it's a riconic relationship.
'hey!ah, there he is!this is what i like, see? you come home and your parents are in your bed!y'know, jerry, we don't have to do this.
what are you talkin about? it's fine, i love having you here.
tomorrow we'll go to a hotel.
ma, will you stop?no, why should we take over your apartment?i don't care.
 i'm sleeping next door.
your friend kramer doesn't mind?no, he's making a bouillabaisse.
so, dad, lemme ask you a question.
 how many people work at these big law offices?depends on the firm.
yeah, but if you called up and described someone, do you think they would know who it was?what's the matter? you need a lawyer?no, i met someone at this party, and i know where she works, but i don't know her name.
so why don't you ask someone who was at the party?nah, the only one i could ask is elaine, and i can't ask her.
why not?because it's complicated.
 there's some tension there.
he used to go with her.
which one is she?from maryland.
 the one who brought you the chocolate covered cherries you didn't like.
oh yeah, very alert.
 warm person.
oh yeah, she's great.
so, how come nothing materialized there?well, it's a tough thing to talk about uh.
 i dunno i know what it was.
you don't know what it was.
so, what was it?well, we fight a lot for some reason.
oh, well and there was a little problem with the physical chemistry.
well, i think she's a very attractive girl.
oh, she is, she absolutely is.
i can see if there was a weight problem no, it's not that.
 it wasn't all one-sided.
you know, you can't be so particular.
 nobody's perfect.
i know, i know y'know jerry, it's a good thing i wasn't so particular.
 re you looking for, sophia loren?that's got nothin to do with it.
how about loni anderson?where do you get loni anderson?why, what's wrong with loni anderson?i like elaine more than loni anderson.
what are you two talking about? look, elaine just wasn't the one.
and this other one's the one?i dunno, maybe so ask elaine there for her number.
i can't.
 she'll get upset.
 i never talk about other women with her, especially this one tonight.
how could you still see her if your not interested?we're friends.
doesn't sound like you're friends to me.
 if you were friends you'd-you'd ask her for the number.
 do you know where this other one works?oh yeah.
well, go up to the office.
up to her office?go to the building.
 she goes out to lunch, doesn't she?i guess.
so, you stand in the lobby, by the elevator, and wait for her to come down for lunch.
you mean stakeout the lobby?morty, that's ridiculous.
 just ask elaine for the number!he doesn't want to ask elaine for the number.
so you've got him standing by the elevator like a dope! what happens when he sees her?he pretends he bumped into her!y'know what? this is not that bad an idea.
what does she look like?i dunno.
 hard to say.
what actress does she remind you of?loni anderson.
loni anderson?!what, there's something wrong with loni anderson? hey listen, thanks again for running over here.
 i appreciate it.
yeah, sure.
 i was showing a condo on th street.
 besides, you think i wanna miss this? i'm a little nervous.
yeah, me too if i see her, what do i say that i'm doing here in the building?you came to see me.
 i work in the building.
what do you do?i'm an architect.
you're an architect?i'm not?i don't see architecture comin from you.
 i suppose you could be an architect.
i never said that i was the architect.
 just somethin else.
all right, she's not even gonna ask, if we see her, which is remote.
well whaddaya want me to say, that i just wandered in here?we're having lunch with a friend.
 he works in the building.
what is his name?bert har bin son.
 bert har-bin-son.
bert harbinson? it sounds made up.
no good? all right, uh how about art cor art cor  velay.
corvelay?yeah, right.
well, what does he do?he's an importer.
just imports, no exports? elaine ever call you back?no, i guess she's still mad.
i don't understand, you never talk to her about other women?never.
 s her.
 on the right.
 i forgot who i am! who am i?!you're you.
 we're having lunch with art corvelay.
vandelay!corvelay!let me be the architect! i can do it!hey, hey.
 uh pamela's birthday party, didn't i see you there? jerry.
sure! hi!uh, this is george.
 m sorry vanessa.
nice to meet you.
ah, sagman, bennet, robbins, oppenheim and taft.
that's right! yea, what're you doing here?oh, we're meeting a friend of ours for lunch.
 he works here in the building.
yeah, art vandelay.
really? which company?importer? and exporter.
he's an importer/exporter.
 m an architect.
really.
 what do you design?uh, railroads, uh i thought engineers do that.
they can y'know i'm sorry you had to leave so early the other night.
oh, me too.
 my cousin had to go back to boston.
oh, that guy was your cousin! yeah, and that woman was your friend!i'll just, uh, get a paper so, um, do you date uh immature men?almost exclusively bum bum bum bum i have no letters bum bum bum bum  ma, will you go already?bum bum bum bum what are you doing?!wait, i just want to see something.
you can't look in there, we're playing!hi.
hi.
 good evening, mr.
 kramer!hey morty! salad dressing?look.
'quo'.
 is that a word?maybe!will you challenge it?ma, you can't look up words in the dictionary! s cheating!'quo'? that's not a word.
 re such a stickler well put something down, you're taking twenty minutes on this.
 so is uncle mac and artie, they're all coming over here before the wedding?they'll be here at two o'clock.
 oh, elaine called.
 she said she'd be here at two-thirty.
 and she says hope your meeting went well with art vandelay'?'she said what?just what i said, here.
she knows! oh, i am such a jackass.
she knows what?she knows the whole stupid thing.
 vanessa and the elevator no, no, no, that won't do.
 he may have a z'.
so, how did she find out?because, vanessa probably told pamela, and pamela probably told elaine.
so, what are you? afraid of her?yes.
 yes i am! what else did she say on the phone?whatever i wrote down.
yeah, but what was the tone in her voice? how did she sound?who am i, rich little?well, she can't be too mad.
 she's still coming to the wedding.
yeah, but now i'm nervous.
oh, stop it.
'quone'? 'quone'? no, i'm afraid that i'm going to have to challenge that.
 no, you don't have to challenge that.
 that's a word.
 that's a definite word.
i am challenging.
quone.
 to quone something.
uh-huh.
i'm not playing with you anymore.
quone's not a word.
no good.
 sorry.
 there it is.
 get it off.
 why did you make me put that down?nah, we need a medical dictionary! if a patient gets difficult, you quone him.
you want some funny material, you oughta come down to where i work, now that's a sitcom!you must have quite a time down there.
we got plenty of time.
oh, i'm sorry.
 i'm just waiting for someone.
watch what you say to this guy.
 he'll put it in his next act!yeah, yeah jerry, did i tell you that i'm writing a book? an autobiography.
yeah, uncle mac, you mentioned it.
it's based on all my experiences!that's perfect.
could you excuse me one second? i'm sorry.
how do you do? uh, jerry seinfeld.
oh, how do you do? elaine benes.
um, do you want to do this now, or do you want to wait until we get in the car?oh no, let's do it now.
all right, the whole elevator business, let me just explain-okay.
jerry, were you goin with us?no, i'm gonna take my car.
that's why i brought the wagon.
 why the hell did i bring the wagon?anyway, you know why i didn't ask you, i mean i felt so uncomfortable, and you were so annoyed in the cab.
well, jerry, i never saw you flirt with anyone before.
 it was quite the spectacle.
jerry, we'll see you there.
 bye, elaine.
oh, bye.
 good to see you.
oh, we didn't meet.
oh, i'm sorry.
 elaine, this is my cousin, artie levine.
 levine.
 m jerry cougar mellencamp.
 anyway, i admit it was a fairly ridiculous thing to do, but i mean, i mean, obviously we have a little problem here.
yeah, obviously.
i mean, if we're gonna be friends, we gotta be able to talk about other people.
couldn't agree more.
good.
good.
good.
great!great? where do you get great'?it's great to talk about other people  guys?yeah.
uh-huh.
 yeah.
 so, anybody specific?no.
 a general guy.
oh really? elaine marie benes what? no, it's not a big deal.
no, that's great! that's terrific!no, we just met doesn't matter.
 what's the young man's name? i would like to meet him.
hmmm, i don't think so.
well, what does he do? is he an artisan, a craftsman, a labourer of some sort?wall street.
ah, high finance.
 bulls, bears, people from conneticut.
and he happens to be pretty good lookin'.
 all right, sir.
and he's hilarious.
now that's not fair! so where did you meet this guy?i staked out his health club.
uh huh.
 when you're on a stakeout, do you find it's better to stand up against the wall, or kinda crouch down behind a big plant?y'know i think that even if you've had a relationship with someone, or let's say, especially if you've had a relationship with someone and you try to become friends afterwards, it's very difficult.
 isn't this? it's hard.
 because, you know each other so well, you know all of each others tricks.
 it's like two magicians, trying to entertain each other.
 the one goes, look, a rabbit.
 the other goes, so? i believe this is your card.
 'look, why don't we just saw each other in half and call it a night, okay?'is that it? got the cue tips, got the mini-umbrella, something boring to read on the plane.
 s it.
 done! that is the single greatest packing performance i have ever seen.
 i am the master packer.
 re the master packer.
what you must understand, elaine, ve gotta know the strengths and weaknesses of every soldier in that platoon.
 from a collapsible toothbrush to a pair of ordinary black socks.
 scuse me, master packer yes.
just gimme your keys.
all right, sir.
 george? yeah.
okay, so, now, is there anything else i need to know about this place?uh, yeah, the, uh, hot water takes a little while to come on.
 so, the best thing to do is to turn it on, do all your shopping, you come back and take a shower.
okay, this is quite a place.
there's more.
 the refrigerator.
deduct a minimum of two days off all expiration dates.
 no soft cheeses of any kind.
 is that clear?i'll eat out.
one more thing, benes, regarding sexual activity: strictly prohibited, but if you absolutely must, do us all a big favour.
 do it in the tub.
 ready?yeah, one sec.
hey, elaine.
hi.
coming to the airport with us?no, i'm staying here for the weekend.
 i'm getting a break from my roommate.
oh, the actress-waitress?no, the waitress-actress.
 she just got some part in some dinner theater production of a chorus line'.
 so, now all day long she's walking around the apartment singing, god, i hope i get it, i hope i get it! she's gonna get it right in her so just kick her out.
she's on the lease! george you have got to find another place for me.
yeah, well a little rough finding something good in your price-range.
 but you, my friend, may be in luck.
i'm not looking.
no no no, this one's different.
 this one's a beauty!yeah, what's it like?i haven't seen it yet, but it's a two-bedroom, it's on the uh, west rd, bout a half block from the park?how much?uh, twice what you're payin here, but it's a great building.
 it's two bedrooms!two bedrooms? why do i need two bedrooms? i got enough trouble maintaining activity in one.
 i saw that.
you oughta at least take a look at it.
really? why?'cause then i could move in here.
ohhhh it's time you got outta here anyway.
yeah, tell im.
 but quickly, i'm double parked here.
listen, jerry, this place is falling apart.
 you have no hot water, you can't have soft cheese let's not forget the radiator.
 the steam has been on here for ten years.
 no human can turn this off.
jerry, come on, you're doin okay now.
 you should at least take a look at this place.
 you shouldn't have to live like this.
like this? you just said you wanted to live here.
well, for me it's a step up.
 it's like moving from iceland to finland.
jerry, what do you, you wanna, you wanna see the place or not?i can't think about it now.
 come on, i'm going to minneapolis.
 i got four shows this weekend.
elaine.
 elaine! jerry, oh, hi, welcome back.
 how were the shows?great, i had fun.
 where's the tv, where's the vcr?what?they were stolen.
stolen? when?a couple a hours ago.
 the police are coming right over.
stolen? someone left the door open.
 you left the door open?!uh, jer, well you know, i was cookin and i, i uh, i came in to get this spatula and i left the door open, cause i was gonna bring the spatula right back!wait, you left the lock open or the door open? the door.
the door? you left the door open?yeah, well, i was gonna bring the spatula right back.
yeah, and?well, i got caught up watching a soap opera.
 the bold and the beautiful'.
so the door was wide open?wide open! and where were you?i was at bloomingdale's waiting for the shower to heat up.
look, jerry, i'm sorry, i'm uh- you have insurance, right buddy?no.
 how can you not have insurance?because i spent my money on the clapgo d- .
 it's the most impenetrable lock on the market today.
 it has only one design flaw.
 the door must be closed!!jerry! i'm gonna find your stuff.
 i'm gonna solve it, i'm on the case, buddy, i'm on the case.
yeah, don't investigate, don't pay me back, it was an accident.
 i made a mistake.
these things happen.
i'm human.
in your way.
let's see, that's, one tv, a stereo, one leather jacket, a vcr and a computer is that bout it?answering machine.
 oh, i hate the idea of somebody out there returning my calls.
what do you mean?it's a joke.
i see.
 well, mister seinfeld uh, we'll look into it and uh, we'll let you know if we uh, you know, if we find anything.
you ever find anything?no.
well, thanks anyway.
you bet.
i didn't get that joke either.
the crook has the machine.
 the messages aren't for him.
 he's the crook.
 why would he answer- how did you get in here?again?i don't know how you put up with this.
yeah, tell im george.
 you would still wanna move in here?yes! you don't understand.
 i'm living with ethel merman without the talent.
 is that uh, other apartment still available?i got ripped off for about the th time? and now, the first couple a times you go through it, it's very upsetting and your first reaction or one of your friends will say, call the police.
 you really should call the police.
 so you think to yourself, you know, you watch tv, you think, yeah, i'm calling the police.
 stakeouts, manhunts i'm gonna see some real action.
 right, you think that.
 so, the police come over to your house, they fill out: the report.
 they give you: your copy.
 now, unless they give the crook his copy, i don't really think we're gonna crack this case, do you? it's not like batman, where there's three crooks in the city and everybody pretty much knows, who they are.
 very few crooks even go to the trouble to come up with a theme for their careers anymore.
 it makes them a lot tougher to spot.
 did you lose a sony? it could be the penguin.
 i think we can round him up, he's dressed like a penguin! we can find him, he's a penguin!oh, well, come on.
 this is an apartment, this is a home! this is a place to live.
 oooh, a fireplace, are you kidding me! does this work?i didn't know there was a fireplace.
 a fireplace, that's incredible.
how do you get all that wood in here?they deliver it.
they deliver wood?yeah.
what do you tip a wood guy?i didn't know there was a fireplace.
look! look at- look at this! there's a garden.
a garden! i can't believe there's a garden!would i have to get a gardener?yeah, you can get a gardener.
you tip him?you can.
 t tip a gardener!you can tip a gardener.
you don't need a gardener.
jerry, you can barbecue back here.
they deliver the coal?sure, it's probably the same guy, who delivers the wood.
oh, then i gotta tip him.
oh, damn, this place is incredible, look at all this great light!i don't have any plants.
i have plants.
 jerry, look at this closet! look at this! i'm walking in it! m nuts about this, what do you think?i like that.
 what do you think, george?it's your decision.
i'm takin it, i'm takin the place.
 i'm gonna take it, this is gonna be my new place.
 i'm livin here i'm movin'.
 t that incredible! congratulations.
what about the couch?you like the couch? i'll tell you what i'm gonna do.
what?you're movin in, you're a good friend, i wanna start you off on the right foot.
 give me a hundred and fifty dollars.
 t even wanna see it, go, get it out.
a hundred and fifty dollars? a hundred and fifty dollars for what? for this couch?yeah!for this couch?!okay, you tell me.
 what is it worth?okay, uh, i'll tell you what.
 i could go as high as uh t know, maybe twenty dollars?yeah? s george.
come on up.
 m just gonna pack up the cushions right now okay okay okay okay, you win.
 forty dollars.
 cause i wanna get it in the hall.
fifty dollars, okay? fifty dollars, is that all right?fifty dollars?uh-huh.
thank you very much.
thank you very much.
hey, what's goin on?i just bought jerry's couch for fifty dollars.
 all right, gee, three years, that kinda seems like a long time.
 oh, jerry jerry jerry jerry jerry, listen, if, if you are feeling uncomfortable about this at all, at all.
 do not feel like you have to take it.
why?if you're having second thoughts, if you didn't want it, don't worry about it because uh, you know, i, i i could take it, you know.
you could take it? you want it?no, i don't want it.
 i want it, if you don't want it.
so you do want it.
no i, i want it if you don't want it.
you just said you wanted it!no, i'm saying, if a situation arose in which you didn't want it, i might take it.
so take it.
how can i take it?how can i take it?it's your apartment!how can i want it now, if you want it?excuse me, uh, i don't mean to cause any trouble here, but george, if you take it, can i take your place?yes, but i am not taking it.
i am not taking it.
well, one of you better damn well take it!well, whaddaya wanna do here?i, i don't know.
do you wanna flip a coin?who flips? you'll flip, i'll call.
okay, fine.
 s it.
 agreed?i'm good.
i don't know, who to root for, george's place has carpeting.
all right, now you call it in the air.
no catchin'.
no no.
flip it.
heads!tails!no, it hit the table, it hit the table.
so what?interference! you can't count that! come on, are you crazy?! the coin cannot touch anything, it affects it.
you didn't call no interference!you don't have to call that! that's a rule!i don't believe this.
oh oh oh, all right, fine, jerry, you win.
 take it, just take it!i don't wanna win it like this! elaine, what do you think?i'd better not.
well, i'll tell you what.
 i'll choose you for it.
 straight choose, three takes it, no disputes that's it, you gotta win three.
okay.
 ll choose you.
 whaddaya want?odds.
i want evens.
good.
you got odds.
you got evens.
right, ready?for the apartment.
once, twice, three, shoot!mine!once, twice, three, shoot!mine!once, twice, three, shoot!mine!once, twice, three, shoot!congratulations congratulations.
thanks.
i'm just gonna wash.
 why did i put up two? why did i put up two?jerry, i think i'm on to something.
 i think i found your stuff.
 you know the englishman who lives down the hall?yeah.
the last couple a days he's been acting very strange.
 i think he's avoiding me.
hard to imagine.
yeah! and get this: i just got off the elevator with him and i tested him, i tested him, like i this is what i said to him, like i, i was like this, i went, oh, by the way, i know about the stuff.
' you know, very casually,right.
 so that he was gonna take me into his confidence.
so what did he say?'what stuff?'ooh, case closed!no, you don't understand, you see, he swallowed.
 see, the guy, he swallowed.
 oh, he was nervous about something! now, i'm gonna go over there, i'm gonna borrow some tea.
 if i don't get back in five minutes, maybe you'd better call the police.
okay, starting now!yeah!one of the problems in life is that when you're a kid, you have a certain way of working out disagreements.
 and those laws do not work in the adult world.
 one of the main ways that kids resolve any dispute is by calling it.
 one of them says, i got the front seat 'i wanted the front seat! 'i called it'.
 and the other kid knows he's got nothing to say: he called it.
 what can i do? if there was a kid court of law, it holds up.
 your honour, my client did ask for the front seat and the judge would go, did he call it? 'well no, he didn't call- bang! i love the mirror in that bathroom! i don't know what in the hell it is.
 i look terrific in that mirror.
 s the tile or the lighting i feel like robert wagner.
it's a good mirror.
 ?i don't know, i can't eat.
 you, you can't have anything anymore.
 look at this, look at this.
 eggs: out.
 coffee: out.
 french fries: out.
 blt: out! i go to visit my grandparents: three big brisket sandwiches, i'm sittin here with a carrot! they're closing in on a hundred, i'm sayin to them, how can you eat that stuff? t know.
all right, forget it, forget it.
 i'm not taking the place!what?!how can i live there?why not?!look at you, you're still thinking about it.
 i'll never feel comfortable.
oh, get outta here.
how can i ever have you over? you'll sit there moping.
i won't mope.
you're already moping! would you take the place?no, impossible! it's your apartment.
you found the place.
you won the choose.
all right, forget it, it's over, i'm not moving.
well, me neither.
definitely?definitely.
alright, then just get rid of it.
 you won't have any problem.
no, it's not a problem, i can get rid of the apartment this afternoon.
what apartment?oh, it's a great place, it's uh two-bedroom uh, west rd bout half block from the park.
what's the rent?i don't know, what we're doin here, this is ridiculous.
she wanted to thank us for the apartment.
i can't believe i lost the deposit on that u-haul.
 and i threw out my couch.
if only the coin hadn't hit the table.
the table is interference, you know it!it is not!it is too!my roommate starts rehearsal tonight on carousel'.
hi.
hi, carol.
i just wanted to introduce you to my husband, this is larry.
this is george, elaine and jerry.
 these are the guys who got us the apartment.
oh, you don't know how grateful i am, if there's anything i can ever do to repay you, i, i mean, we're just so thrilled with this place.
it's a dream.
i'm running in the park now, i've lost weight, we're barbecuing every night and the rent is unbelievable.
we're really glad for you.
couldn't be happier.
it's wonderful.
diane, diane, come here.
this is my new next door neighbour, diane.
 s a masseuse!how, how could you guys have turned this place down, it's such a great location and it's so close to the park.
we're aware of the proximity to the park, yes.
well, it was nice to meet you.
nice meeting you.
how late are the stores open? i'm thinking of maybe uh, buying a new tv and smash it over my head.
what's the rent?i had to say something.
 i had to say something.
 everything was going so well.
 i had to say something.
i don't think you did anything wrong.
i told her i liked her.
 why? why did i tell her i like her? i have this sick compulsion to tell women how i feel.
 i like you i don't tell you.
we can only thank god for that.
i'm outta the picture.
 i am outta the picture.
 s only a matter of time now.
you're imagining this.
 really.
oh, no.
 no no no no.
i'll tell you when it happened.
 when that floss came flying out of my pocket.
what floss? when?we were in the lobby during the intermission of the play.
 i was buying her one of those containers of orange drink, for five dollars.
 i reached into my pocket to pay for it, i looked down; there's this piece of green floss hanging from my fingers.
ah, mint.
of course.
 so, i'm looking at it.
 i look up, i see she's looking at it.
 our eyes lock.
 it was a horrible moment.
 i just so let me get this straight.
 she saw the floss, you panicked and you told her you liked her.
if i didn't put that floss in my pocket, i'd be crawling around her bedroom right now looking for my glasses.
and you're sure the floss was the catalyst?yes, i am.
you don't think it might've had anything to do with that?what? you don't like this?it looks like your belt is digesting a small animal.
 yeah yeah yeah yeah take my number.
 - .
 okay, here he is.
 who is it?take it.
who is it?it's for you.
 why did you put me on the phone with him? i hate just being handed a phone.
well, it's your phone.
 he wanted to talk to you.
maybe i didn't want to talk to him.
well, why not?he bothers me.
 i don't even answer the phone anymore because of him.
 he's turned me into a screener.
 now i gotta go see him on wednesday.
what do you mean wednesday? i though we had tickets to the knick game wednesday.
 we got seats behind the bench! what happened? we're not going?we're going.
 that's next wednesday.
oh.
 who is this guy?his name is joel horneck.
 he lived like three houses down from me when i grew up.
 he had a ping pong table.
 we were friends.
 should i suffer the rest of my life because i like to play ping pong? i was ten.
 i would've been friends with stalin if he had a ping pong table.
 he's so self-involved.
that's for me.
 kramerica industries.
 oh, hi, mark.
 no no no.
 forget that.
 i got a better idea.
 a pizza place where you make your own pie can you conduct your business elsewhere? em.
 yeah.
i don't know why you even bother with this ping pong guy, i'll tell you that.
i don't bother with him.
 he's been calling me for seven years.
 i've never called him once! he's got the attention span of a five-year-old.
 sometimes i sit there and i make up things just to see if he's paying attention.
i don't understand why you spend time with this guy.
what can i do? break up with him? tell him, i don't think we're right for each other.
 he's a guy! at least with a woman, there's a precendent.
 you know, the relationship goes sour, you end it.
no no no no, you have to approach this as if he was a woman.
just break up with him?absolutely.
 you just tell him the truth.
the truth.
as a guy i don't know how i can break up with another guy.
 you know what i mean? i don't know how to say, bill, i feel i need to see other men.
 do you know what i mean? there's nothing i can do.
 i have to wait for someone to die.
 i think that's the only way out of this relationship.
 it could be a long time.
 see, the great thing about guys is that we can become friends based on almost nothing.
 just two guys will just become friends just because they're two guys.
 that's almost all we need to have in common.
 cause sports sports and women is really all we talk about.
 if there was no sports and no women the only thing guys would ever say is, so, what's in the refrigerator?' so my shrink wants me to bring my mother in for a session.
 this guy is a brilliant man.
 lenny bruce used to go to him.
 and i think, uh, geraldo.
you know, i read the lenny bruce biography, i thought it was really interesting.
 he would- ve been waiting here for ten minutes already! m thinking about going to iran this summer.
i have to eat! i mean, i'm hypoglycemic.
anyway, the hizballah has invited me to perform.
 s their annual terrorist luncheon.
yeah.
 m gonna do it in farsi.
do you think i need a haircut?are you ready?yeah, i'll have the egg salad on whole wheat.
 i hate it.
i think it's real turkey.
is there a real bird in the back?no, there's not bird but-well, how do you know for sure? look, why don't you do me a favor.
 why don't you go in the back and find out, okay? unbelievable.
how can you talk to someone like that?what are you saying? what, you like turkey roll?listen, joel.
 there's something i have to tell you  ll never guess who i ran into.
howard metro.
he asked me if i still saw you.
 i said, sure, i see him all the time.
 we're still great friends.
 anyway, howard says hello.
 listen, joel, i don't think we should see each other anymore.
what?this friendship: it's not working.
not working? what are you talking about?we're just not suited to be friends.
how can you say that?look, you're a nice guy, it's just that we don't have anything in common.
 wai-wait.
 what did i do? tell me.
 i want to know what i did.
y-you didn't do anything.
 it's not you, it's me.
 it's- this is very difficult.
look, i know i call you too much, right? i mean, i know you're a very busy guy.
no, it's not that.
 re one of the few people i can talk to.
oh, come on.
 that's not true.
i always tell everybody about you.
 tell everybody to m your biggest fan!i know, i know.
i mean, you're my best friend.
best friend- i've never been to your apartment.
i cannot believe that this is happening.
 i can't believe it.
okay, okay.
 forget it.
 it's okay.
 i didn't mean it.
didn't mean what?what i said.
 i've been under a lot of stress.
oh, you've been under a lot of stress.
just, can we just forget the whole thing ever happend? i'm sorry.
 i didn't mean it.
 i took it out on you.
 we're still friends.
 we're still friends.
 still friends.
 okay? look, i'll tell you what.
 i've got knick tickets this wednesday.
 great seats behind the bench.
 you want to come with me? come on.
tonight?no, next wednesday.
 if it was tonight, i would've said tonight.
do you really want me to go? yes.
okay.
 d be great.
 so, next wednesday.
next wednesday.
where is that waitress? hey! she calls me up at my officeyeah.
 ugh, the four worst words in the english language.
that, or who's bra is this?'that is worse.
so we order lunch, and we're talking.
 finally, she blurts out how it's not working'.
really.
so, i'm thinking, as she's saying this, i'm thinking: great, the relationship's over.
 but the egg salad's on the way.
 so now i have a decision: do i walk or do i eat?hm.
 you ate.
we sat there for twenty minutes, chewing, staring at each other in a defunct relationship.
someone says, get out of my life, and that doesn't affect your appetite?have you ever had their egg salad?it is unbelievable.
it's unbelievable.
 you know what else is unbelievable? i picked up the check.
 she didn't even offer.
 she ended it.
 the least she could do is send me off with a sandwich.
how much could you possibly have in there?it's my money.
 what should i do? throw it out the window? i know a guy who took his vacation on his change.
yeah? where'd he go, to an arcade? re a funny guy.
c'mon, move up.
oh great, ewing's hurt.
ewing's hurt? how long is he going to be out?a couple of days at the most but geez.
oh, god.
i got scared there for a second.
 the knicks without ewing.
listen, george, little problem with the game.
what about it?the thing is, yesterday, i kind of uh what?i gave your ticket to horneck.
 you what?!yeah, i'm sorry.
 i had to give it to horneck.
no! my ticket?! you gave my ticket to horneck?c'mon, c'mon, go ahead, move up.
why did you give him my ticket for?you didn't see him.
 it was horrible.
oh, c'mon, jerry.
 i can't believe this.
i had to do it.
oh, please.
 can you change this into bills?i'm sorry, sir.
 we can't do that.
do you want to go with him? you go.
 i don't mind.
i'm not going with him.
 i don't even know the guy.
 look, they did this for me before.
look, i can give you these and you can roll them yourself.
you want me to roll six thousand of these?! what, should i quit my job?!no, i do not like the bank.
 i've heard the expression laughing all the way to the bank.
 i have never seen anyone actually doing it.
 and those bank lines.
 i hate it when there's nobody on the line at all, you know that part, you go to the bank, it's empty and you still have to go through the little maze.
  thirty-two, thirty-three-george.
not now.
could you stop the counting?nnnnnnngaaa!what?!can i make it up to you? i'll give you fifty bucks for the jug.
oh, yeah, sure.
 keep your money.
well, then i'm not going to the game either.
 okay? i'll give him both tickets.
oh geeeee.
 go, go!i- no, i don't want to go.
he was really crying?i had to give him a tissue.
 in fact, let me call his machine now and i'll just make up some excuse why i can't go to the game either.
wait a minute.
 wait a minute.
 as long as you're going to lie to the guy, why don't you tell him that you lost both of the tickets, then we can go?george, the man wept.
oh, hey guys.
 man, i'm telling you, this pizza idea, is really going to happen.
this is the thing where you go and you have to make your own pizza?yeah, we give you the dough, you smash it, you pound it, you fling it in the air.
 and then you get to put your sauce and you get to sprinkle your cheese, and then- you slide it into the oven.
you know, you have to know how to do that.
 you can't have people shoving their arms into a six-hundred degree oven!it's all supervised.
oh, well all of it.
 you want to invest?my money's all tied up in change right now.
no, i'm tellin you, people, they really want to make their own pizza pie.
i-i have to say something.
 with all due respect, i just never- i can't imagine anyone in any walk of life, under any circumstance, wanting to make their own pizza pie but that's me.
 alrightthat's you.
i'm just saying alright.
okay, okay.
 i just wanted to check with you guys.
okay.
you know, this business is going to be big.
 i just wanted- okay.
one day, you'll beg me to make your own pie.
 t fine fine bye.
trapezoid?i know.
 i'm really running out of excuses with this guy.
 i need some kind of excuse rolodex.
come on, let's go do something.
 i don't wanna just sit around here.
okay.
want to go get something to eat?where do you want to go?i don't care, i'm not hungry.
we could go to one of those uh cappuccino places.
 they let you just sit there.
what are we gonna do there? talk?we could talk.
i'll go if i don't have to talk.
then we'll just sit there.
okay.
 i'm gonna check my machine first.
 picking someone up at the airport, jury duty, waiting for cable guy okay, just hand that over, please.
oh, what is this?it's a list of excuses, it's for that guy, horneck, who's at the game tonight with my tickets.
 i have that list now so in case he calls, i just consult it and i don't have to see him.
 what are you doing?i got some for you.
i don't need any more.
no no no no no, these are good.
 listen, listen: you ran out of underwear, you can't leave the house.
 very funny.
how about: you've been diagnosed as a multiple personality.
 you're not even you.
 you're dan.
i'm dan.
 can i have my list back, please?here, here.
 jerry seinfeld, i cannot believe you're doing this.
 this is absolutely infantile.
what can i do?deal with it.
 be a man!oh no.
 that's impossible.
 i'd rather lie to him for the rest of my life that go through that again.
 he was crying.
 tears.
 accompanied by mucus.
you made a man cry? i've never made a man cry.
 i even kicked a guy in the groin once and he didn't cry.
 i got the cab.
couple of tough monkeys.
oh, hi elaine, hey.
 hey, you missed a great game tonight, buddy!game?knick game.
 horneck took me.
 we were sitting two rows behind the bench.
 we're getting hit by sweat!wait.
 how does horneck know you?last week.
 when i, you know, gave you the phone.
 he's really into my pizza place idea!this is too much.
wait, what pizza place idea?oh, no.
you get to make your own pie!oh, that sounds like a great idea.
 it would be fun.
yea.
 kramer.
yeah.
perfect.
hey.
okay, who wants meatloaf?no thanks.
 s gonna be hot in a minute.
so, i though you were tutoring your nephew?oh, we finished early.
m-hm, i'll bet.
 so, are you going to introduce me to your nephew'?elaine benes, this is joel horneck.
hi.
whoa, nelson! this is elaine? i though you guys split?we're still friends.
so, thanks again for those tickets.
 but next week, i'm going to take you.
 how about next tuesday night? t you come along?oh, no no.
 tuesday's uh no good becasue we've got choir practice.
right.
 i forgot about choir.
we-we're doing that evening of eastern european national anthems.
right.
 you know, the wall being down and everything.
what about thursday night? i mean they're playing the sonics.
huh thursday is no good because we've got to get to the hospital to see if we qualify as those organ donors.
you know, i should really try something like that.
you really should.
well, let's just take a look here.
forty-one home games.
 let's see saturday night we've got the mavericks.
 if you don't like the mavericks, next tuesday: lakers.
 i mean, you gotta like magic, right? let's see, on the road, on the road, on the road, on the road, back on the fourteenth.
 they play the bulls.
 you can't miss air jordan you know, i really i've come to the conclusion that there are certain friends in your life that they're just always your friends, and you have to accept it.
 you see them, you don't really wanna see them.
 you don't call them, they call you.
 you don't call back, they call again.
 the only way to get through talking with people that you don't really have anything in common with is to pretend you're hosting your own little talk show.
 this is what i do.
 you pretend there's a little desk around you.
 the only problem with this is there's no way you can say, hey, it's been great having you on the show.
 we're out of time.
'i think superman probably has a very good sense of humor.
i never heard him say anything really funny.
but it's common sense.
 he's got super strength, super speed.
 i'm sure he's got super humor.
you would think that, but either you're born with a sense of humor, or you're not.
 it's not going to change even if you go from the red sun of krypton all the way to the yellow sun of the earth.
why? why would that one area of his mind not be affected by the yellow sun of earth?i don't know.
 but he ain't funny.
i know, i know.
 i'm sorry i'm late.
no problem.
i dropped a grape.
pardon?i dropped a grape in the kitchen and it disappeared.
 i couldn't find it.
 i was, i was literally on my knees for ten minutes looking for this stupid grape.
 i have no idea where it went.
were you crying? i mean, it's just a grape.
 you'll find it.
no, i'm just getting over an allergy attack.
 this guy i'm going out with robert.
robert.
 yes.
 thank you.
 he has two cats and i'm allergic to them.
 you know, i finally meet a normal man, and i can't even go into his apartment, you know.
 and, of course, my apartment is the actor's studio so we can't go there.
 it's really causing a lot of problems, you know.
 he won't even go away for the weekend because of these cats.
guys with cats i don't know.
i've been thinking about asking this girl i'm, uh, seeing-vanessa.
vanessa, thank you.
 i've been thinking about asking her to go away for a couple of days.
oh, no.
 no no no no no.
 i'd have to advise against that.
 what, do you know this woman a month? let's see, you're going to be with her seventy-two hours.
 that's a dating decathlon.
 ll love it.
that's exquisite.
 listen, uh, if it's not too much trouble, could you pass me that paper over there?you better find that grape before it mutates into another life form.
 there was once a mutant grape that terrorized an entire town in the texas panhandle.
 they brought in the army, nobody could stop it.
 apparently it had a pit of steel.
up again?! this is incredible! i'm i'm getting it.
you're getting what?a stock.
what stock?did you ever meet my friend, simons?maybe.
he knows this guy, wilkinson.
 he made a fortune in the stock market.
 now he's got some new thing.
 you know, there's supposed to be a big merger.
 he wasn't even supposed to say anything.
 you guys should think about doing this too.
how high's it suppose to go?i don't know.
 but simons said that if i wanted to get involved, that wilkinson would tell me the exact right minute to sell.
 you wanna do it?boy i don't know.
i'd do it but i don't have any money.
what kind of company is it?it's called sendrax.
 they've got some new kind of technique for televising opera.
televising opera?some sort of electronic thingy.
well, how much are you going to invest?five thousand ten.
 ten thousand.
 five thousand.
boy c'mon.
 wilkinson's got millions invested in this stock.
 it's gone up three points since i've been watching it.
what if i lose it?c'mon, go for twenty-five hundred.
 we'll do it together.
 come on, come on.
 we're in it together.
all right.
 twenty-five hundred.
that's it.
yeah, can i take your order? check the raiser.
my bet? all right.
 i'll open with a tuna sandwich.
tuna?oh, the dolphin thing?they're dying in the nets.
ohhh you know, the whole concept of lunch is based on tuna.
jerry, can't you incorporate one unselfish act in your daily routine?hey, when i'm driving, i let people in ahead of me all the time.
 i'm always waving everybody in.
 go ahead, go ahead, go ahead.
 all right.
 all right.
 i'll have a chicken salad.
and i'm going to have an english muffin with margarine on the side and a cup of coffee.
okay.
 what about you?i'll have the tuna.
i have to say, those people talking behind us really ruined that movie for me.
why didn't you do something?what do you want me to do? i gave the guy the half-turn.
 excuse me, do you have these in the puffs?no puffs.
 just flakes.
yeah, i've been thinking about it.
you know, my friend told me about this great place in vermont.
i don't know.
 i just worry about trips like this.
 it's a lot of pressure.
it's great! it speeds up the intimacy level.
 it's like putting the relationship in a time compressor.
 where we would be six months from now we accomplish three days.
oh, so you want to move our relationship into phase two?exactly.
 i love phase two.
 extra toothbrushes, increased phone call frequency, walking around naked.
 you know, the presents get a lot better in phase two.
really? could we go fishing up there?yeah.
 we can fish.
 what? blues, carp, marlin?they have marlin in vermont?oh, big fighting marlin.
 jerry, the stock is the same as when you checked it earlier.
 there are no changes after the market closes.
 the stock is still down.
is that my paper?bad news, my friend.
what? what news?oh, c'mon! it's down again?!two and a half points.
oh, i can't believe it.
 let me see that.
 s almost half my money!hey, i told you.
 yeah, you told me.
it's all manipulated with junk bonds.
 you can't win.
there's one thing i don't understand.
 why does it please you? george costanza, please.
hey, i don't care.
 i'm just telling you to get rid of that stock, now! s going on?!sell it, just say i'm selling! t been home or in his office in the past three days!you know, i can't believe you put your money in that sendrax.
 and you could've invested in my roll-out tie dispenser.
roll-out tie dispenser? what was that one?okay, you're in a restaurant.
 you've got a very big meeting coming up okay  oh man, you got mustard on your tie! oh no!you just re gone.
you're gone all right.
 hey, where, where are you going? you gonna take a trip? the map what yeah, i'm going to vermont with uh vanessa for a few days.
hey, can i use your place? i got a bunch of friends coming over this weekend.
what friends?well, it's just some people i met at a rock concert.
 re huge.
george- what?! you're kidding well, what's wrong? so, what are we gonna do? great! all right, i'll speak to you later.
 s in the hospital.
so you don't know what's wrong with him?all simons was able to find out is that he's in the hospital.
okay, fine.
 has simons been in touch with him?of course he's been in touch with him.
 he's left two messages.
 he just hasn't heard back yet, that's all.
well, this is it.
 i'm selling.
just give it a little more time.
i never should've gotten involved in this.
 i'm a nervous wreck.
 i'm not cut out for investing.
all right, all right.
 that's it.
 i'm gonna go down there.
where?to the hospital.
the hospital?i'm going to find out what's going on.
 all right?are you nuts? you don't even know the guy.
so what? i'll start talking to him, you know, casual, and i'll work my way around to it.
what if he's in an iron lung or something? what are you gonna do? maybe he's resting.
who goes to the hospital to rest?what are you, a doctor?okay, fine, fine.
 when are you going down there?today.
 i'm going today.
 just don't do anything until you hear from me.
all right.
 boy, i have to get to a bathroom.
 may i help you?yeah.
 i picked up this shirt here yesterday.
 it's completely shrunk.
 there's absolutely no way i can wear it.
when did you bring it in?what's the difference? look at it! do you see the size of this shirt?!you got a receipt?i can't find the receipt.
you should get the receipt.
look, forget about the receipt, all right? even if i had the receipt- look at it! it's a hand puppet.
 what am i gonna do with this?!yes, but how do i know we did the shirt?what do you think this is a little scam i have? i take this tiny shirt all over the city conning dry cleaners out of money? in fact, forget the money.
 i don't even want the money.
 i just once, i would like to hear a dry cleaner admit that something was their fault.
 that's what i want.
 i want an admission of guilt.
maybe you asked for it to be washed.
no! dry-cleaned.
let me explain to you something, okay? with certain types of fabrics, different chemicals can react, causing-you shrunk it! you know you shrunk it! just tell me that you shrunk it! i shrunk it.
i think the only reason we go to the dry cleaner is so i can say to the dry cleaner, well, it's ruined.
 and of course, the dry cleaner can respond, it's not our fault.
 we're not responsible.
 we just ruin the clothes.
 that ends our legal obligation.
 you see, the whole problem with dry cleaning is that we all believe that this is actually possible.
 th-right? they're cleaning our clothes, but they're not getting anything wet.
 it's all dry.
 i know there's gotta be some liquids back there, some fluids that they're using.
 there's no such thing as dry cleaning.
 when you get something on your shirt, ever get something on your shirt and try to get it off like that bless you.
thank you.
 what evidence is there that cats are so smart, anyway? huh? what do they do? because they're clean? i am sorry.
 my uncle pete showers four times a day and he can't count to ten, so don't give me hygiene.
i don't know.
 i can't think of any solution, unless of course they should meet with some unfortunate accident.
 what do you think a hit man would charge to rub out a couple of cats?well, it couldn't be too expensive.
 thirteen, fourteen bucks a cat?what do you think, jerry? you wanna make twenty-eight bucks?i'm no cat killer.
how about we go over there right now and we shave them?i'd really like to go, elaine.
 but, george is coming back from the hospital.
 i gotta wait for him.
 but otherwise i would definitely go.
he actually went to the hospital?yeah.
oh man, he's nuts.
yeah, he's nuts.
 you wanta bump off a couple of cats.
 s down again.
how much are you down altogether?i don't know fifteen hundred dollars.
wow.
you don't have to say wow.
 i know it's wow.
 s george.
oh, look at this one by the bus stop.
 jerry, come here.
 take a look at this.
i really don't need to look.
what a body.
 yeeaahh.
 that's for me.
yeah, and you're just what she's looking for too a stranger leering through a pair of binoculars ten floors up.
i'm gonna go down there and try and talk to her.
what? what? did you go down there? how long were you there?fifteen seconds.
you told him you knew simons?yeah, i mentioned simons.
 next thing i know, i'm in the parking lot.
 perhaps they had some sort of a falling out.
 i'll tell you one thing.
 i don't know what he's got.
 but for a sick guy, he's very strong.
well, that's it.
 look, i'm going to vermont.
 i don't want to think about this.
 i'm selling.
didn't work, huh? not quite.
we-well, what are you gonna do about the stock?i'm keeping it.
 i'm going down with the ship.
so i know this guy.
 i'm getting all my sneakers at a discount now.
i know.
 you mentioned it.
oh yeah, right.
 s a nice watch.
 do you wind it?no, it's got a little battery.
well, that's good.
 s the manager? do you want me to see if we can get another room?no, it's okay.
so, i guess you don't find the separate faucets for the hot and cold, charming?not especially.
well, what do you want to do this afternoon?what can we do? it's raining.
we cold play sorry! we cold play steal the old man's bundle.
 re wearing?oh, you've never heard of it.
no, what? what kind is it?i can't tell you.
 excuse me, sir.
 could i have a look at that business section?that stock? i thought you got out of that?i did.
 i'm just curious.
 it's been almost a week.
 i want to check it out.
 s up six points!i told you not to sell.
you did not tell me not to sell.
i said the market fluctuates.
 remember?look, vanessa, of course the market fluctuates.
 everybody knows that.
 i just got fluctuated out of four thousand dollars!that's probably why we're-what?forget it.
no, what? that's probably why 'that's probably why we're staying here, because you lost money on the stock.
 so, what am i looking at here? twenty-nine hours to go.
 well, at least i got plenty of time to find out the name of that perfume  mon, have a little dessert?elaine, get something! it's all taken care of.
i'm kinda full.
so don't finish it.
 m just curious.
 how much did you clear on your little transaction there, all told?i don't like to discuss figures.
how much?i don't know, what? eight thousand.
 it's a hyundai.
 get out of here.
 i told you not to sell.
 simons made money, wilkinson cleaned up.
so, wilkinson's out of the hospital now?oh god.
is that still from the cats?no, i just have a cold.
so, what ever happened with that?i gave him an ultimatum.
he chose the cats?they're very clean animals.
i gotta say, that's pretty sad.
 losing out to a cat.
almost as bad as losing out to a perfume.
i told you those trips were relationship killers.
 too bad you can't get your buddy superman to fly around the earth at super speed and reverse time.
 you'd get all the money back, you could have avoided the whole trip to vermont superman can go back in time?we went over that.
pst.
 re about to introduce some sort of a robot butcher.
a robot butcher?shhhhh.
 if you want to get in, there's very little time.
 come on, come on, come on i'm not an investor.
 people always tell me, you should have your money working for you.
 i've decided i'll do the work.
 i'm gonna let the money relax.
 you know what i mean? cause you send your money out there working for you a lot of times, it gets fired.
 you go back there, what happened? i had my money.
 it was here, it was working for me.
 'yeah, i remember your money.
 showing up late.
 taking time off.
 we had to let him go.
'she can't kill me right?no, of course not.
people break up all the time.
everyday.
it just didn't work out.
 what can i do? i wanted to love her.
 i tried to love her.
 i couldn't.
you tried.
i kept looking at her face.
 i'd go, c'mon, love her.
 love her!'did you tell her you loved her?oh, i had no choice.
 she squeezed it out of me! she'd tell me she loved me.
 all right, at first, i just look at her.
 i'd go, oh, really? or uh, boy, that's, that's something.
 but, eventually you have to come back with, well, i love you.
 you know, you can only hold out for so long.
'you're a human being.
and i didn't even ask her out.
 she asked me out first.
 she called me up.
 what was i supposed to do? say no? t do that to someone.
you're too nice a guy.
i am.
 i'm a nice guy.
 and she seduced me! we were in my apartment, i'm sitting on the couch, she's on the chair.
 i get up to go to the bathroom, i come back, she's on the couch.
 what am i supposed to do? not do anything? i couldn't do that.
 i would've insulted her.
you're flesh and blood.
i had nothing to do wtih any of this! i met all her friends, i didn't want to meet them.
 i kept trying to avoid it.
 i knew it would only get me in deeper.
 but they were everywhere! they kept popping up all over the place.
 this is nancy, this is susan, this is amy, this is my cousin, this is my brother, this is my father it's like i'm in quicksand.
i told you when i met her.
my back is killing me.
you gotta go to my chiropractor, he's the best.
oh yeah, everybody's guy is the best.
i'm gonna make an appointment for you.
 we'll go together.
please.
 they don't do anything.
 look, do i have to break up with her in person? can't i do it over the phone? i-i have no stomach for these things.
you should just do it like a band-aid.
 one motion! right off!hi.
hi.
hey, what are you doing?i'm letting you in.
oh no.
 no.
 i don't want to sit in the back.
 i'll be left out of the conversation.
no, you won't.
yes, i will, george.
 i'll have to stick my chin on top of the seat.
okay.
why can't you sit in the middle?please, it doesn't look good.
 boy, boy, girl.
you're afraid to sit next to a man.
 you're a little homophobic, aren't ya?is it that obvious?hello, jerry.
hello.
did you get a haircut?no, shower.
 so, where are we eating?tell me if you think this is strange.
 there's this guy who lives in my building, who i was introduced to a couple of years ago by a friend.
 he's a uh teacher, or something.
 anyway, after we met, whenever we'd run into each other on the street, or in the lobby, or whatever, we would stop and we would chat a little.
 nothing much.
 little pleasantries.
 he's a nice guy, he's got a family.
 then after a while, i noticed there was not more stopping.
 just saying hello and continuing on our way.
 and then the verbal hellos stopped, and we just went into these little sort of nods of recognition.
 so, fine.
 i figure, that's where this relationship is finally gonna settle: polite nodding.
 then one day, he doesn't nod.
 like i don't exist?! he went from nods to nothing.
 and now, there's this intense animosity whenever we pass.
 i mean, it's like we really hate each other.
 it's based on nothing.
a relationship is an organism.
 you created this thing and then you starved it so it turned against you.
 same thing happened in the blob'.
i think you absolutely have to say something to this guy.
 confront him.
really?yes.
you would do that?if i was a different person.
hello hello.
 is glen there? i'm sorry.
 is this - - ? yes, i know i have the wrong number, but i just want to know if i dialed wrong or if  come on up.
 why? why do they just hang up like that? thank you very much.
taste this.
no, i just had a sandwich.
no, taste it.
 taste it.
i don't want cantaloupe now.
you've never had cantaloupe like this before i only eat cantaloupe at certain times  jerry.
 this is great cantaloupe.
 all right!uh-huh.
 it's good?it's very good.
good, huh?good.
i got it at joe's.
uh-huh.
forty-nine cents a pound.
 that's practically half than what you're paying at the supermarket.
 i don't know why you don't go to joe's.
it's too far.
it's three blocks further.
 you can use my shopping cart i'm not pulling a shopping cart.
 what, am i suppose to wear a kerchief? put stockings on and roll em down below my knee?see, the other thing is, if you don't like anything, he takes it right back.
i don't return fruit.
 fruit is a gamble.
 i know that going in.
i'm outta there.
 i did it! it's over.
you did it? what happened?i told her.
 in the kitchen which was risky cause it's near all the knives.
 i started with the word listen.
'uh-huh i said, listen marlene, and then the next thing i know, i'm in the middle of it.
 and there's this voice inside of me going, you're doing it! you're doing it! and then she started to cry, and i weakened a bit.
 i almost relented, but the voice, jerry, the voice said, keep going, keep going.
 you're almost out! it's like i was making a prison break, you know, and i'm heading for the wall, and i trip and i twist my ankle, and they throw the light on you, you know.
 so, somehow i get though the crying and i keep running.
 then the cursing started.
 she's firing at me from the guard tower.
 son of a bang! son of a boom! i get to the top of the wall the front door.
 i opened it up, i'm one foot away, i took one last look around the penitentiary, and i jumped!see, it's never as bad as you imagine.
i liked marlene.
 what's her number?uh, no, i, i don't think so.
 could you stop that smacking?george, i want you to taste this cantaloupe.
oh no, thank you.
it's the best cantaloupe i ever had.
no, really.
 no, no, thanks.
jerry, tell him how good this cantaloupe is.
it's very good cantaloupe.
 re out?except for one small problem.
 hah, i left some books in her apartment.
so, go get them.
oh, no no, i can't go back there.
 jerry, it's so awkward and, you know, it could be dangerous sexually.
 something could happen, i'd be right back where i started from.
so forget about the books.
 did you read them?well, yeah.
what do you need them for?i don't know.
 they're books.
what is this obsession people have with books? they put them in their houses like they're trophies.
 what do you need it for after you read it?they're my books.
so you want me to get the books? is that it? so, it must've been ninety-five degrees that night, and everyone's just standing around the pool with little drinks in their hands.
 i was wearing my old jeans and t-shirt.
 and i don't know, i was just in one of those moods.
 so i said to myself, marlene, just do it.
 and i jumped in.
 and as i'm getting out, i feel all these eyes on me, and i look up and everyone is just staring at me.
so what'd you do?well, nothing.
 it's no skin off my hide if people like to look.
 i just didn't see what the big attraction was.
well, i have a general idea what it was.
 i could take a guess.
hey, you know, jerry, just because george and i don't see each other anymore, it doesn't mean we shouldn't stay friends.
no.
good enough.
 i'm really glad we got that settled.
i don't know how this happened.
jerry, it's not my fault.
no, no.
 it's not your fault.
 books, books, i need my books.
 have you re-read those books yet, by the way? you know the great thing? when you read moby dick the second time, ahab and the whale become good friends.
 you know, it's not like marlene's a bad person or anything, but, my god! i mean, we've had like three lunches and a movie, and she never stops calling.
 s in the middle of a sentence!it's standard.
 has she left you one of those messages where she uses up the whole machine? 'i dunno sometimes 'what trying to get off the phone? you know, it just goes on and on and on without a break in the wall.
 i mean, i gotta put a stop to this.
just do it like a band-aid.
 one motion.
 right off! t you think?yeah.
 yes, she is.
mr.
 costanza?yeah.
the doctor will see you now.
 the waiting room.
 i hate when they make you wait in the room.
 cause it says waiting room.
 there's no chance of not waiting.
 cause they call it the waiting room, they're gonna use it.
 they've got it.
 it's all set up for you to wait.
 and you sit there, you know, and you've got your little magazine.
 you pretend you're reading it, but you're really looking at the other people.
 you know, you're thinking about about them.
 things like, i wonder what he's got.
 as soon as she goes, i'm getting her magazine.
 and then, they finally call you and it's a very exciting moment.
 they finally call you, and you stand up and you kinda look around at the other people in the room.
 well, i guess i've been chosen.
 i'll see you all later.
 you know, so you think you're going to see the doctor, but you're not, are you? no.
 you're going into the next waiting room the littler waiting room.
 but if they are, you know, doing some sort of medical thing to you, you want to be in the smallest room that they have, i think.
 you don't wnat to be in the largest room that they have.
 you know what i mean? you ever see these operating theaters, that they have, with like, stadium seating? you don't want them doing anything to you that makes other doctors go, i have to see this! are you kidding? are they really gonna do that to him? are there seats? can we get in? do they scalp tickets to these things? i got two for the winslow tumor, i got two 'so, how was it?i was in there for two minutes.
 he didn't do anything.
 touch this, feel that seventy-five bucks!well, it's a first visit.
what's seventy-five bucks?! what, am i seeing sinatra in there?! am i being entertained? i don't understand this.
 i'm only paying half.
you can't do that.
why not?he's a doctor.
 you gotta pay what he says.
oh, no no no.
 i pay what i say.
are you feeling weird?no, i'm fine.
nothing really happened.
yeah, i know.
we just kissed a little.
 people kiss.
yeah.
well night.
 good night.
hey.
hey.
i got it! this time, i got it!hips! see, it's all hips.
uh-huh.
you gotta come through with the hips first.
that is out there.
joe's?no, supermarket.
well, is it good?it's uh okay.
let me taste it.
see, that stinks.
 you can't eat that.
 you should take that back.
i'm not taking it back.
all right, i'll take it back.
 i'm going by there.
i don't care about it.
jerry, you should care.
 cantaloupe like this should be taken out of circulation.
all right.
 take it back.
'leave a message, i'll call you back.
' m not talking into the soap right now, call me back.
well?marlene.
 oh.
 oh, marlene yeah, i took her home one night we kinda started up a little bit in the car.
i thought you were trying to get rid of her?i was.
 but, she's got me, like, hypnotized.
does george know?no, he'd go nuts.
yeah, no kidding.
i feel terrible.
 s like a drug.
whoa, psychosexual.
i don't know how i'm going to tell him.
man, i don't understand people.
 i mean, why would george want to deprive you of pleasure? is it just me?it's partially you, yeah.
you're his friend.
 better that she should sleep with someone else? some jerk that he doesn't even know?well, he can't kill me, right?you're a human being.
i mean, she called me.
 i haven't called her.
 she started it.
you're flesh and blood.
i'm a nice guy.
hi.
 oh, my little airplane lamp.
you know, you have the slowest elevator in the entire city.
 that's hard to get used to when you're in so many other fast ones.
well, the apartment elevators are always slower than the offices, because you don't have to be home on time.
unless you're married to a dictator.
yeah because they would be very demanding people.
right.
 exactly.
 so i imagine at some point somebody's going to offer me some cantaloupe?nope.
 no good.
well, you know what they say.
 lucky in love, unlucky with fruit.
well, i'm taking this back.
so, i had what you might call a little encounter this morning.
really? that guy who stopped saying hello?yes.
you talked to him?yes.
 i spotted him getting his mail.
 and at first, i was just going to walk on by, but then i thought, no no no.
 no.
 do not be afraid of this man.
'right.
so, i walked up behind him and i tapped him on the shoulder.
 and i said, hi, remember me? and he furrows his brow, as if he's really trying to figure it out.
 so i said to him, i said, you little phony.
 you know exactly who i am.
'you said you little phony'?i did.
 i most certainly did.
 and he said, he goes, oh, yeah.
 you're jeanette's friend.
 we did meet once.
 and i said, well, how do you go from that to totally ignoring a person when they walk by?'this is amazing.
and he says, he says, look, i just didn't want to say hello anymore, all right? and i said, fine.
 fine.
 i didn't want to say hello anymore either, but just i wanted you to know that i'm aware of it!'you are the queen of confrontation.
 you're my new hero.
 in fact, you've inspired me.
 i'm gonna call george about something right now.
this cantaloupe stinks.
 t care.
you're kidding.
no, i don't care.
you mean that?absolutely.
you don't care?no.
how could you not care?i don't know.
 but i don't.
 i'm actually almost happy to hear it.
i thought you'd be upset.
i guess i should be, but i'm not.
am i a bad person? did i do something terrible?you're a fine person.
 you're a humanitarian.
 she's very sexy.
that voice.
 that voice.
 she's driving me crazy.
i know.
 i know.
so i can see her tonight, and you don't care?see her tonight.
 see her tomorrow.
 go.
 knock yourself out.
 she's too crazy for me.
all right.
 as long as you're okay.
 because i can't stop thinking about her.
i'm okay.
 i'm fine.
 i'm wonderful.
 i never felt better in my whole life.
good.
 and i'll tell you what you don't have to pay me back the thirty-five i gave to the chiropractor for the rest of your bill.
 you paid that crook?!i had to.
he didn't do anything, jerry.
 it's a scam! who told you to do that?it was embarrassing to me.
oh, i was trying to make a point.
why don't you make a point with your own doctor? s wrong? what can happen?!so, you wanna come up for a few minutes?i'm sorry, jerry.
 i just don't think this is gonna work.
really? i thought i know, i'm sorry.
gee, i just didn't expect it from the way you've been acting.
you sure you want to talk about this? cause i sure don't.
of course i want to talk about it.
well, okay.
 i guess things changed for me on tuesday night.
tuesday night? what happened tuesday night?i saw your act.
my act? wha-what does that have to do with anything?well, to be honest, it just didn't make it for me.
 it's just so much fluff.
i can't believe this.
 so what are you saying? you didn't like my act, so that's it?i can't be with someone if i don't respect what they do.
you're a cashier!look, jerry, it's just wasn't my kind of humor.
you can't go by the audience that night.
 it was late.
 they were terrible.
i heard the material.
i have other stuff.
 y-you should come see me on the weekend.
women need to like the job of the guy they're with.
 if they don't like the job, they don't like the guy.
 men know this.
 which is why we make up the phony, bogus names for the jobs that we have.
 well, right now, i'm the regional management supervisor.
 i'm in development, research, consulting men on the other hand if they are physically attracted to a woman are not that concerned with her job.
 are we? men don't really care.
 men'll just go, really? slaughterhouse? is that where you work? that sounds interesting.
 so whaddaya got a big cleaver there? you're just lopping their heads off? that sounds great! listen, why don't you shower up, and we'll get some burgers and catch a movie.
'you have so many nice jackets.
 i don't know why you had to bring this jacket.
 who wears a jacket like this? what's wrong with that nice gray one? you have beautiful clothes.
 they sit in your closet.
 morty, you can't wear this!are you getting that?i thought you were getting it.
should i pick up?you want me to get that?i'll get it!i'll get it!hello? hello?hi.
hi.
 would you make this thing lower! i can hear it on the street!so, how'd you do?we won.
 i made an incredible play in the field! there was a tag-up at third base and i threw the guy out from left field on a fly! we'll be in the championship game wednesday because of me.
 it was the single greatest moment in my life.
this is your greatest moment? a game?well, no.
 sharon besser, of course.
you know what my greatest moment was, don't you? nineteen-forty-six.
 i went to work for harry flemming and i came up with the idea for the beltless trenchcoat.
jerry, look at this sport jacket.
 is this a jacket to wear to an anniversary party?well, the man's an individualist he worked for harry flemming.
 he knows what he's doing.
but it's their th anniversary.
your mother doesn't like my taste in clothing.
you know, i spoke to manya and isaac on the phone today.
 they invited you again.
 i think you should go.
first of all, i made plans with elaine.
so bring her.
i don't even know them.
 what is she, your second cousin? i mean, i've met them three times in my life.
i don't know her either.
 she makes me fly all the way from florida for this, and then she criticizes my jacket.
at least come and say hello, have a cup of coffee, then you'll leave.
how come he gets to leave?if i wind up sitting next to uncle leo, i am leaving.
 he's always grabbing my arm when he talks to me.
 i guess it's because so many people have left in the middle of his conversation.
and it's always about jeffrey, right?yeah.
 he talks about him like he split the atom.
 the kid works for the parks department.
morty, are you coming in?oh, yeah.
 i forgot all about it.
 d you do?we won.
 we're in the finals on wednesday.
yeah! what is this about?i'm completely changing the configuration of the apartment.
 you're not gonna believe it when you see it.
 a whole new lifestyle.
what are you doing?levels.
levels?yeah, i'm getting rid of all my furniture.
 all of it.
 and i'm going to build these different levels, with steps, and it'll all be carpeted with a lot of pillows.
 you know, like ancient egypt.
you drew up plans for this?no no.
 it's all in my head.
i don't know how you're going to be comfortable like that.
oh, i'll be comfortable.
when do you intend to do this?ohh should be done by the end of the month.
you're doing this yourself?it's a simple job.
 why, you don't think i can?oh, no.
 it's not that i don't think you can.
 i know that you can't, and i'm positive that you won't.
well, i got the tools.
 i got the pillows.
 all i need is the lumber.
hey, that's some big job.
i, don't see it happening.
well, this time, this time you're wrong.
 c'mon.
 i'll even bet you.
seriously?i don't want you betting.
 morty, don't let him bet.
a big dinner with dessert.
 but i've got till the end of the month.
i'll give you a year.
no no no.
 end of the month.
it's a bet.
 seriously, do you wanna switch chairs?no, no.
 i'm fine.
jerry, are you listening to this?yeah, uncle leo.
so, so, now the parks commissioner is recommending jeffrey for a citation.
right.
 for the reducing of the pond scum?no, for the walking tours.
oh, yeah.
 where the people eat the plant life.
 the edible foliage tour.
that's exactly right.
 he knows the whole history of the park.
 for two hours he's talking and answering questions.
 but you want to know something? whenever he has a problem with one of these high-powered big shots in the parks department, you know who he calls?mickey mantle? these peas are great! these peas are bursting with country fresh flavor.
mmm phenomenal peas.
are you ready for dessert?well, actually, we do have to kind of get going.
 re going?oh uh, i don't really eat dessert.
 i'm dieting.
yeah, i can't eat dessert either.
 the sugar makes my ankles swell up, and i can't dance.
he's kidding, manya.
is that a joke?so, did you hear claire's getting married?yeah, yeah i hear the fella owns a couple of racehorses.
 you know, trotters, like at yonkers.
horses? they're like big riding dogs.
what about ponies? what kind of abnormal animal is that? and those kids who had their own ponies i know, i hated those kids.
 in fact, i hate anyone that ever had a pony when they were growing up.
 i had a pony.
well, i didn't uh really mean a pony, per se when i was a little girl in poland, we all had ponies.
 my sister had pony, my cousin had pony so, what's wrong with that?nothing.
 nothing at all.
 i was just merely expressing should we have coffee? who's having coffee?he was a beautiful pony! and i loved him.
well, i'm sure you did.
 who wouldn't love a pony? who wouldn't love a person that had a pony?you! you said so!no, see, we didn't have ponies.
 i'm sure at that time in poland, they were very common.
 they were probably like compact cars that's it! i had enough!have your coffee, everybody.
 she's a little upset.
 it's been an emotional day.
i didn't know she had a pony.
 how was i to know she had a pony? who figures an immigrant's going to have a pony? do you know what the odds are on that? i mean, in all the pictures i saw of immigrants on boats coming into new york harbor, i never saw one of them sittin on a pony.
 why would anybody come here if they had a pony? who leaves a country packed with ponies to come to a non-pony country? it doesn't make sense.
 am i wrong?i'll drive you to the airport.
no, we're taking a cab.
i just hope that whole pony incident didn't put a damper on the trip.
don't be ridiculous.
 it was a misunderstanding.
hey, i agree with him.
 nobody likes a kid with a pony.
well, if you ever talk to her, tell her i'm sorry.
 elaine too.
 she feels terrible.
you know, you should give manya a call.
maybe i will.
oh, hi.
 i uh just came to say goodbye.
need any help with those?it's nothing.
 i got it.
 so, how are your levels coming along?oh, well i decided i'm not gonna do it.
 really? what a shock.
goodbye, jerry.
take care.
we'll call you.
bye, jer.
bye, dad.
 take it easy.
bye, mr.
 kramer.
yeah.
 so long, morty.
so, when do i get my dinner?there's no dinner.
 the bet's off.
 i'm not gonna do it.
yes, i know you're not gonna do it.
 that's why i bet.
ya well, there's no bet if i'm not doing it.
that's the bet! that you're not doing it!yeah, well, i could do it.
 i don't wanna do it.
we didn't bet on if you wanted to.
 we bet on if it would be done.
and it could be done.
well, of course it could be done! anything could be done! but it only is done if it's done! show me the levels! the bet is the levels!i don't want the levels!that's the bet! t get in the cab! manya died! manya died!!who did you talk to?uncle leo.
and when's the funeral?i don't know.
 he said he'd call back.
you know what this means, don't you? we lost the supersaver.
 those tickets are non-refundable.
she just had a check-up.
 the doctor said she was fine.
 unless what?what? nothing.
you don't think what? the pony remark?oh, don't be ridiculous.
 she was an old woman.
you don't think that i killed her?you know what the flight back'll cost us?it was just an innocent comment! i didn't know she had a pony!maybe we can get an army transport flight.
 they got a base in sarasota, i think.
the whole thing was taking out of context.
 it was a joke.
 s probably uncle leo.
hello? yes, i know well, it's just one of those things sure, sure, we'll see you then.
the funeral's wednesday.
wednesday? what, what wednesday?two o clock, wednesday.
ahwhat?i've got the softball game on wednesday.
 it's the championship.
so? you're not obligated.
 go play in your game.
i didn't even know the woman.
so don't go.
i mean i met her three times.
 i don't even know her last name.
jerry, no one's forcing you.
i mean, who has a funeral on a wednesday? that's what i want to know.
 i mean, it's the championship, i'm hitting everything.
i don't have a dress to wear.
 t have anything.
i got my sport jacket.
you're not wearing that to a funeral.
what's wrong with it?it looks ridiculous.
what? i'm gonna buy a new sport jacket now?i don't know what to do.
 s gonna wind up costing me? oh boy!we don't understand death.
 and the proof of this is that we give dead people a pillow.
 and, uh, i mean, hey, you know.
 i think if you can't stretch out and get some solid rest at that point, i don't see how bedding accessories really make the difference.
 i mean, they got the guy in a suit with a pillow.
 now, is he going to a meeting, or is he catching forty winks? i mean, let's make up our mind where we think they're going.
i actually like ponies.
 i was just trying to make conversation.
 what time's your game?two forty-five.
and what time's the funeral?two o clock.
how long does a funeral take?depends on how nice the person was.
 but you gotta figure, even oswald took forty-five minutes.
so you can't do both?you know, if the situation were reversed and manya had some mah-jongg championship or something, i wouldn't expect her to go to my funeral.
 i would understand.
how can you even consider not going?you know, i've been thinking.
 i cannot envision any circumstances in which i'll ever have the opportunity to have sex again.
 how's it gonna happen? i just don't see how it could occur.
you know, funerals always make me think about my own mortality and how i'm actually gonna die someday.
 me, dead.
 imagine that.
they always make me take stock of my life.
 and how i've pretty much wasted all of it, and how i plan to continue wasting it.
i know, and then you say to yourself, from this moment on, i'm not gonna waste any more of it.
 but then you go, how? what can i do that's not wasting it?'is this a waste of time? what should we be doing? can't you have coffee with people?you know, i can't believe you're even considering not playing.
 we need you.
 you're hitting everything.
he has to go.
 he may have killed her.
me? what about you? you brought up the pony.
oh, yeah, but i didn't say i hated anyone who had one.
 s going to play left field?bender.
bender? he can't play left.
 he stinks.
 i just don't see what purpose is it gonna serve your going? i mean, you think dead peole care who's at their funeral? they don't even know they're having a funeral.
 it's not like she's hanging out in the back going, i can't believe jerry didn't show up.
'maybe she's there in spirit.
 how about that?if you're a spirit, and you can travel to other dimensions and galaxies, and find out the mysteries of the universe, you think she's gonna wanna hang around drexler's funeral home on ocean parkway?george, i met this woman.
 she is not traveling to any other dimensions.
you know how easy it is for dead people to travel? it's not like getting on a bus.
 one second.
 s all mental.
fifty years they were married.
 now he's moving to pheonix.
phoenix? what's happening with his appartment?i don't know.
 they've been in there since, like, world war ii.
 the rent's three hundred a month.
three hundred a month? oh, my god.
although this may seem like a sad event, it should not be a day of mourning.
 for manya had a rich, fulfilling life.
 she grew up in a different world a simpler world with loving parents, a beautiful home in the country, and from what i understand, she eve had a pony.
 s flowing mane.
 it was the pride of krakow.
well, the game's starting just about now.
it was good that the two of you came.
 it was a nice gesture.
i'm not a doctor yet, uncle morty.
 i'm just an intern.
 i can't write a note to an airline.
you've got your degree.
 they don't care.
 they just want to see something.
i just wanted to say how sorry i was jerry, you wanna hear something? your cousin, jeffrey, is switching parks.
 they're transferring him to riverside - so he'll completely revamp that operation, you understand?yeah.
he'll do in riverside what he did in central park.
 more money.
 so, that's your cousin.
you don't understand, i've never paid a full fare.
once again, i just want to say how sorry i am about the other night.
oh, me too.
oh, no no no.
 she forgot all about that.
 she was much more upset about the potato salad.
so, i understand you're moving to phoenix?yeah, my brother lives there.
 i think manya would've liked phoenix.
mmm, gorgeous, exquisite town.
 so, what's happening with your apartment?of course it's very hot there.
 i'll have to get uh air conditioner.
oh, you can have mine.
 i'll ship it out to you.
 but what about that big apartment on west end avenue?although they say it's a dry heat.
dry, wet s happening with your apartment?i don't even know if i should take my winter clothing.
i have an idea.
 leave the winter clothing in the apartment, and i'll watch it for you and i'll live there and i'll make sure that nothing happens to it.
oh, the apartment.
 jeffrey's taking the apartment.
oh, jeffrey.
you know jeffery?it's raining.
it's raining? it's raining.
 the game will be postponed.
 we'll play tomorrow.
believe me, i wouldn't bother you if the army hadn't closed that base in sarasota.
 here, scribble a little something here.
i can't.
 i'll get in trouble.
oh, for god's sake!who gets picked off in softball? it's unheard of.
it's never happened to me before.
i remember saying to myself, why is jerry so far off the base?'i'll have to live with this shame for the rest of my life.
and then in the fifth inning, why did you take off on the pop fly?i thought there were two outs.
i couldn't believe it when i saw you running.
 i thought maybe they had changed the rules or something.
 what about sharon besser?oh, well, of course.
 nineteen-seventy-three.
makes you wonder, though, doesn't it?wonder about what?you know the spirit world.
you think manya showed up during the game and put a hex on me?i never saw anyone play like that.
but i went to the funeral.
yeah, but that doesn't make up for killin her.
maybe manya missed the funeral because she was off visiting another galaxy that day.
don't you think she woulda heard i was there?not necessarily.
who figures and immigrant's gonna have a pony?what is the pony? what is the point of the pony? why do we have these animals, these ponies? what do we do with them? besides the pony ride.
 why ponies? what are we doing with them? i mean, police don't use them for, you know, crowd control.
 well, i might have something in the back.
the back? they never find anything in the back.
 if they had anything good in the back, they'd put it out in the front.
why don't they open up an entire store for the back? call it, just back.
 all back; no front.
 you walk in the front, you're immediately in the back.
 look, elaine, tie carwash.
oh, i just read that.
 that's terrific.
 her father wrote that.
alton benes is your father?yeah.
i always felt he deserved a wider audience.
i'm not so sure he wants one.
hey, don't forget sunday, okay? you and george are coming, right? hotel westbury, eight o'clock.
i guess i'm coming.
 i mean what? what, you don't want to go now?no, i'll go.
 i'm going.
no, jerry, you have to.
 i need a buffer.
 you know, i haven't seen my father in a while and you know i'm worried i won't be able to talk to him.
 he's such a great writer.
 frankly, i prefer the company of nitwits.
so, that's why we're not together anymore.
what is this?this is beautiful.
 these jackets never fit me right.
try it on.
wow, this is soft suede.
this may be the most perfect jacket i have ever put on.
how much is it? oh my god.
bad? very bad?you have no idea.
i have some idea.
no idea.
i've got a ballpark.
there is no park and the team has relocated.
let me see that.
 that is high.
oh man, that is a beautiful jacket, though.
what's with the pink lining and the candy stripes?well, it's just a lining.
 you can always have it changed.
should i get it? i hate these moments.
 i'm hearing the dual voices now, you know, what about the money? 'what's money?'it looks wonderful on you.
hey.
hey.
 new jacket?what do you think?it's beautiful.
is it me?that's definitely you.
really?that's more you than you've ever been.
 hey, what is with the pink lining?i don't know.
 it's got a pink lining.
oh so, what did you pay for this?how much?what's the difference?what, you're not gonna tell me?i'd rather not say it out loud.
 it's embarrassing.
over three hundred?yes, but let's just stop it right there.
it's over four hundred?is it over four hundred?would you?woah, nelson!i know, i know.
what are you gonna do with the leather one?i don't know.
well, are you gonna wear it?maybe.
you're not going to wear this.
do you want it?well, yeah.
 okay.
 i'll take it.
 i like the jacket.
okay, take it.
heey, good karma for you.
 oh baby.
 what is that song?oh, it's from les miserables.
 i went to see it last week.
 i can't get it out of my head.
 i just keep singing it over and over.
 it just comes out.
 i have no control over it.
 i'm singin it on elevators, buses.
 i'm singin it in front of clients.
 it's taken over my life.
you know, schumann went mad from that.
artie schuman? from camp hatchapee?no, you idiot.
what are you, bud abbott? what are you callin me an idiot?you don't know robert schumann? the composer?oh, schumann.
 of course.
he went crazy from one note.
 he couldn't get it out of his head.
 i think it was an a.
 he kept repeating it over and over again.
 he had to be institutionalized.
really? re having dinner with alton benes.
i know exactly what's gonna happen tonight.
 i'm gonna try and act like i'm not impressed, he's gonna see right through it.
yeah, he'll be looking at us like he's backstage at a puppet show.
let me just get my jacket.
 this is huge! when did this happen?wednesday.
 this jacket has completely changed my life.
 when i leave the house in this, it's with a whole different confidence.
 like tonight, i might've been a little nervous.
 but, inside this jacket, i am composed, grounded, secure that i can meet any social challenge.
can i say one thing to you? and i say this with an unblemished record of staunch heterosexuality.
absolutely.
it's fabulous.
i know.
and i'll tell you something else, i'm not even going to ask you.
 i want to know.
 but i'm not gonna ask.
 you'll tell me when you feel comfortable.
 so what was it? four hundred? five hundred? did you pay five hundred for this? ll know it was over a thousand.
 hey.
 hey, would you do me a solid?well, what kind of solid?i need you to sit in the car for two minutes while it's double-parked.
 i gotta pick up some birds.
birds?yeah.
 a friend of mine, he's a magician.
 he's going away on vacation.
 he asked me to take care of his doves.
so take a cab.
they won't take a cage full of birds.
i can't.
 i'm on my way out.
 there's no way i can do it.
george, do me a solid? two minutes.
well, i'm going with him.
 i'd like to i've never done a solid before.
all right yeah.
 all right, have a good one.
 two minutes.
 believe me, i know his two minutes.
 by his conception of time, his life will last over two thousand years.
 schumann.
 where are they?maybe he didn't show up.
what, you don't want to do this?i don't think there's ever been an appointment in my life where i wanted the other guy to show up.
 wait a second, is that him?yeah, i think it is.
 s elaine?i'm nervous.
 excuse me.
 mister benes?yeah?i'm jerry, elaine's friend, and this is george.
it's a great thrill to meet you, sir.
sit down.
 want a drink?sure.
what'll you have? ll have a cranberry juice with two limes.
and, i'll have a club soda with no ice.
i'll have another scotch with plenty of ice.
you like ice?huh?i said, do you like ice?like it?don't you think you get more without it?where's elaine?well, we thought she was meeting you earlier.
 she's usually pretty punctual.
 don't you find that, george?yeah, yeah.
 she's punctual and uh she's been late, sometimes.
yeah, yeah.
 sometimes she's on time, and sometimes she's late.
i guess s late.
it appears that way.
yup.
yup.
looks like rain.
i know, i know, that's what they said.
who said?the weather guy, dr.
 waldo.
i don't need anybody to tell me it's gonna rain.
no, of course not.
 i didn't-all i have to do is stick my head out the window.
 s suppose to be the funny guy? s the comedian.
i'm just a regular person.
no, no.
 he's just being modest.
we had a funny guy with us in korea.
 tailgunner.
 they blew his brains out all over the pacific.
 there's nothing funny about that.
would you excuse me a minute? i'm gonna go to the bathroom.
 i'll be right back.
i just wanted to tell you that i really enjoyed fair game.
 i thought it was just brilliant.
drivel.
yea, well, maybe some parts.
 what parts?the drivel parts.
 oh my gosh, i just realized i have to make a phone call.
 i-i can't believe- would you-thank you for leaving me alone with him!that was brutal.
 i can't go back out there.
well, let's just leave.
elaine'll kill me.
where is she?she's gotta be here soon.
how could she leave us alone with this lunatic? ten more minutes, and that's it! i'm leaving.
 i have to tell you, this guy scares me.
the waiter was trembling!if she doesn't show up, we can't possibly have dinner with him alone.
how are we gonna get out of it?we'll say we're frightened and we have to go home.
yeah, that's good.
 he'd clunk our heads together like moe.
i don't know.
 just start scratching.
 tell him you have the crabs.
 he was in the military.
 he'll understand that.
all fathers are intimidating.
 they're intimidating because they are fathers.
 once a man has children, for the rest of his life, his attitude is, to hell with the world, i can make my own people.
 i'll eat whatever i want, i'll wear whatever i want, and i'll create whoever i want.
' d you call? my uh uncle is having an operation.
 i just wanted to see how he was.
what kind of operation?bone marrow.
mister benes?yes?a message for you.
from elaine.
 she got tied up.
 she'll be here in thirty minutes.
yeah, they should've taken care of castro when they had the chance.
 like we did in guatamala in fifty-three.
well, guatamala sure, guatamala all right, you boys get yourselves together.
 we'll head up to the restaurant.
 i'll leave a note for elaine.
 i'm going to the bathroom.
come on, let's go!what about elaine?to hell with elaine!she'll be furious.
we're dying here!that's her! she's here!i'm sorry.
 i'm so sorry.
 where is dad? s in the bathroom.
 where have you been?!kramer! that kramer! i'm just about to leave, he calls me up.
 he begs me to sit in his car for two minutes, so he can pick up these birds oh, you didn't well, he said he'd drive me here right after.
 so, i am sitting in his car twenty minutes! he doesn't come down.
 i am freezing.
 then a cop comes by, tells me to get out of the car.
 he's a city marshal.
 he's towing the car away.
 kramer owes thousands of dollars in back tickets.
 he was going to tow it with me in the car! so, they tow the car.
 now, i am standing outside, and i am freezing, but i cannot leave because i have to tell him what happened to the car.
 so, finally, he finally comes down with his giant cage filled with doves.
 he said he was getting special instructions, that each dove has a different diet so, we're wandering around trying to get a cab, when two of these doves fly out! now we're running down the street after these doves; i almost got hit by a bus! s everything going over here?great.
couldn't be better.
good.
 cause dad can make some people a little uncomfortable.
oh, no, no.
get outta here man, kramer! i could kill him!i can't believe it.
 you know better than to get involved with kramer.
ah, the lift.
 like the lure of the siren's song.
 never what it seems to be, yet who among us can resist?where do you come up with this stuff?well, look who's here.
oh, hi, dad.
hello, dear.
who's the lipstick for?no one.
how's your mother?fine.
how about you? are you working?yeah, i'm reading manuscripts for pendant publishing.
 i told you ten times.
pendant! those bastards.
 well all right, boys.
 we'll go to that pakistani restaurant on th street.
 you're not afraid of a little spice, are you? pipe down, chorus boy.
ohh it's snowing.
 it's beautiful.
 t be good for suede, can it?i wouldn't think so.
what should i do? t we?cab? it's only five blocks.
 t you just turn it inside out?inside out! great.
wait a minute.
 what the hell do you call this?oh, i turned my jacket inside out.
well, you look like a damn fool!well, it's a new suede jacket.
 it might get ruined.
well, you're not going to walk down the street with me and my daughter dressed like that.
 that's for damn sure.
it's uh, it's only a few blocks.
 elaine?yeah.
come on up.
hey.
hey.
i've gotta feed the birds.
so?you got any of those mini ritzes?i can't believe i do.
yeah! well, are you going out?yeah.
hey, where's your new jacket? ohhh.
 what did you do to it?i was out in the snow last night.
don't you know what that does to suede?i have an idea.
 we can make the nine-thirty at cinema three.
okay.
 listen, thanks again for coming last night.
 dad said he had a great time.
is he still in town?no, he's driving back to maryland tonight.
so, uh what are you gonna do with that one now?i don't know.
 well  t want to tell you this, but usually he hates everyone.
really?you gonna throw this out?well, i can't wear it.
yeah, he like you though.
 said you reminded him of somebody he knew in korea.
 re just gonna throw it out, you know, i could take it.
yeah, go ahead, take it.
dad thinks george is gay.
oh, because of all the singing?no, he pretty much thinks everyone is gay.
hey, see, i like it like this.
isn't that ? ve turned it inside out.
i'll try and remember that.
boy, it's too bad you gave me this one too.
yeah, too bad.
i'm gonna have to do something about this lining.
 i had a leather jacket that got ruined.
 now, why does moisture ruin leather? i don't get this.
 aren't cows outside most of the time? i don't understand it.
 when it's raining do cows go up to the farmhouse, let us in, we're all wearin leather.
 open the door! we're gonna ruin the whole outfit here! 'is it suede? 'i am suede, the whole thing is suede, i can't have this cleaned.
 it's all i got!  s what i looked like.
so you didn't ask?no, i froze.
counter.
oh yeah.
 so wait, wait.
 a half-hour later i'm back in the office, i tell lloyd the whole story.
 he says, so why don't you call her? i says, i can't.
 i couldn't, i couldn't do it right then.
 for me to ask a woman out i gotta get into a mental state like the karate guys before they break the bricks.
 so lloyd calls me a wuss.
he said wuss?yeah.
 anyway, he shamed me into it.
so you called.
right.
 and, and to cover my nervousness i started eating an apple, because i think if they hear you chewing on the other end of the phone, it makes you sound casual.
yeah.
 like a farm boy.
right.
 so i call her up, i tell her it's me, she gives me an enthusiastic hi!'wow.
 the enthusiastic hi.
 that's beautiful.
oh, i don't get the enthusiastic hi, i'm outta there.
all right, so you're chewing your apple, you got your enthusiastic hi go ahead.
so, we're talking, and i don't like to go too long before i ask them out, i wanna get it over with right away, so i just blurt out, what are you doing saturday night?'and?she bought.
great day in the morning.
then i got off the phone right away.
sure, it's like robbing a bank.
 you don't loiter around in front of the teller holding that big bag of money.
 you come in, you hit and get out.
it's amazing.
 we, we both have dates on the same night.
 i can't remember the last time that happened.
i can't stand doing laundry.
 that's why i have forty pairs of underwear.
you do not.
absolutely.
 because instead of doing a wash, i just keep buying underwear.
 my goal is to have over three hundred and sixty pair.
 that way, i only have to do wash once a year.
 come on, try it.
 let me hear you try a scottish accent.
that's irish.
irish, scottish, what's the difference, lassie?so, uh, thanks for dinner.
 it was great.
yeah.
 we should do this again.
would you like to come upstairs for some coffee?oh, no, thanks.
 i can't drink coffee late at night, it keeps me up.
 so, um, okay.
okay.
goodnight.
yeah, take it easy.
thanks again for the movie.
you're welcome.
i'd invite you up, but the place is being painted.
oh, that's okay.
unless you want to go to your place.
okay but there's no cake or anything, if that's what you're looking for.
 take it easy! huh! take it easy!i think if one's going to kill oneself, the least you could do is leave a note.
 it's common courtesy.
 i don't know.
 that's just the way i was brought up.
values are very important.
oh, so important.
 so what are you doing uh thursday night? you wanna have dinner?thursday's great.
tan pants.
 why do i buy tan pants, donna? i don't feel comfortable in them.
are those cotton dockers?oh, i can't begin to tell you how much i hate that commercial.
really? i like that commercial.
you like that commercial?yeah, it's clever.
now wait a second, you mean the one where the guys are all standing around, supposedly being very casual and witty?yeah, that's the one.
what could you possibly like about that?i don't know.
 i like the, guys.
yeah, they're so funny and so comfortable with each other, and i could be comfortable too, if i had pants like that.
 i could sit on a porch and wrestle around, and maybe even be part of a real bull session.
even if the dialogue did ring true.
 t that bother you? re not talking about the pants.
but they're talking about nothing.
that's the point.
i know the point.
no one is telling you to like it.
i mean, all those quick shots of the pants.
 just pants, pants, pants, pants, pants, pants, pants.
 what is that supposed to be?what's brutal about the date is the scrutiny that you put each other through.
 because whenever you think about this person in terms of the future, you have to magnify everything about them.
 you know, like the guy'll be like, i don't think her eyebrows are even.
 could i look at uneven eyebrows for the rest of my life? and of course the woman's looking at the guy, thinking, what is he looking at? do i want somebody looking at me like this for the rest of my life?'i'm supposed to see her again on thursday, but can i go out with someone who actually likes this commercial?i once broke up with a guy because he didn't keep his bathroom clean enough.
no kidding.
 did you tell him that was the reason?oh yeah, i told him all the time.
 you would not have believed his tub.
 germs were building a town in there they were constructing offices.
 houses near the drain were going for a hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
hi.
you're still thinking about this?she invites me up at twelve o'clock at night, for coffee, and i don't go up.
 no thank you.
 i don't want coffee.
 it keeps me up.
 too late for me to drink coffee.
 i said this to her.
 people this stupid shouldn't be allowed to live.
 i can't imagine what she must think of me.
she thinks you're a guy that doesn't like coffee.
she invited me up.
 coffee's not coffee, coffee is sex.
maybe coffee was coffee.
coffee's coffee in the morning.
 it's not coffee at twelve o'clock at night.
well some people drink coffee that late.
yeah, people who work at norad, who're on twenty-four hour missile watch.
 everything was going along so great.
 she was laughing, i was funny i kept saying to myself, keep it up, don't blow it, you're doing great.
'it's all in your head.
 all she knows is she had a good time.
 i think you should call her.
i can't call her now.
 it's too soon.
 i'm planning a wednesday call.
oh, why? i love it when guys call me the next day.
of course you do, but you're imagining a guy you like, not a guy who goes, oh no, i don't drink coffee late at night.
 if i call her now, she's gonna think i'm too needy.
 women don't wanna see need.
 they want a take-charge guy a colonel, a kaiser, a tsar.
all she'll think is that you like her.
that's exactly what i'm trying to avoid!well, she wants you to like her.
yes, she wants me to like her, if she likes me.
 but she doesn't like me!i don't know what your parents did to you.
hey, i just thought of a really funny thing for your act.
 all right, you're up there, you're on the stage and you go, hey, you ever notice how cars here in new york, they never get out of the way of ambulances anymore.
 someone's in a life-and-death situation, and we're thinking, well, sorry buddy, you should've thought of that when you were eating cheese omelettes and sauages for breakfast every morning for the last thirty years.
'so you gonna use it?it's funny.
it is funny.
i like to use my own material.
that's as good as anything you do.
all right, i gotta make a call.
 everybody out, come on.
why do we have to leave?because i can't call a woman with other people in the room.
 come on, let's go.
oh, see, this is the problem.
you're kicking me out of my house?yes.
 t forget.
 oh jerry, do you have any apples?don't do the apples.
 it's enough already with the apples.
 ll get back to you.
um, hi, it's george, george costanza, remember me? the guy that didn't come up for coffee.
 you see, i didn't realise that coffee didn't really mean well, whatever.
 anyway, it was fun.
 it was it was fun, so oh boy, um, so you call me back.
 if you want.
 it's up to you, you know, whatever you wanna do.
 either way.
 the ball's in your court.
 so uh, take it easy.
i'm just gonna get my jacket, i'll meet you downstairs.
 what's the matter, did you call?got her machine.
 i'm dead, i'm a dead man.
 that's it.
 i'm dead, i'm a dead man.
 dead man.
what did you say?i don't know what the hell i said.
 i gave her an ultimatum and there's nothing i can do.
 it's a machine.
 the little light is blinking right now, come and listen to the idiot.
 hey everybody, the idiot's on!'after one date you try and improvise on her machine?now i'm in the worst position of all.
y'know, my brother-in-law once left a message on this guy's machine, and he blurted out some business information he wasn't supposed to, and it would have cost him fifteen thousand dollars, so he waited outside the guy's house and when the guy came home he went upstairs with him and he switched the tape.
he did that?yeah.
somebody did that?she'll call you back.
 you're overreacting.
not once.
never?i have never seen one episode of i love lucy in my life, ever.
that's amazing.
thank you.
is there anything else about you i should know?yes, i'm lactose intolerant.
really?i have no patience for lactose.
 and i won't stand for it.
 um, i'll be right back.
wait till you hear this! t, i had no idea.
wait, wait.
 he's in the bathroom.
i just wanted to talk to him for a minute, but i'll come back.
you don't have to leave.
you sure?yes.
okay.
i'm donna.
donna.
 oh, you're the one that likes that commercial!he told you about that? re not gonna mention this, to him  m not hip because i like that commercial.
what? what did, what did you say?say? what? nothing, i you told him how i like the commercial.
well, so what if i said that?well, so, you didn't have to tell your friends.
no, i had to tell my friends my friends didn't have to tell you.
 why did you have to get me in trouble?i don't like you talking about me with your friends behind my back.
boy oh boy.
i said i couldn't believe you liked that commercial.
 so what?i asked some friends of mine this week, and all of them liked the commercial.
boy, i bet you got a regular algonquin round table there.
hey.
oh uh, kramer, this is donna.
oh.
 cotton dockers!hello! all right, we should be going.
 come on what? where are we going?come on!don't bother, i'm leaving.
donna, really, you're making too much of this.
'one hundred percent cotton dockers.
 if they're not dockers, they're just pants'please, donna i don't wanna hear it.
i can't believe i said that.
 you know me, i'm a vault.
don't worry about it, it wasn't working anyway.
what happened there?i'll tell you later.
you are not gonna believe what's going on with this woman.
okay, so you remember i made the initial call sunday, she doesn't call back.
 i call again monday, i leave another message.
 i call tuesday, i get the machine again, i know you're there, i don't know what your story is.
 yesterday, i'm a volcano i try one more call, the machine comes on, and i let fly like mussolini from the balcony, where the hell do you get the nerve? you invite me up for coffee and then you don't call me back for four days? i don't like coffee, i don't have to come up.
 i'd like to get one more shot at the coffee just so i could spit it in your face.
'you said that?i lost it.
i can't blame you.
 i can't believe she never called you back.
she did.
 today.
what?she called my office.
 she said she's been in the hamptons since sunday.
 she didn't know if i was trying to get in touch with her.
 her machine broke, and she's been using her old machine and she doesn't have the beeper for it.
so she didn't get the messages.
exactly, but they're on there waiting.
 she said she can't wait to see me, we're having dinner tonight.
 she's supposed to call me as soon as she gets home.
but what about the messages?elaine's thing? how you gonna get in?i'll meet her outside the building.
but you know as soon as she gets in the apartment she's going right for that machine.
unless she goes for the bathroom.
 that's my only chance.
 t even know how to work those stupid machines.
there's nothing to it.
 you lift the lid, it comes right out.
you do it for me.
what?come on, it'll be so much easier.
how you gonna get me up there?i'll tell her i bumped into you, i'm giving you a ride uptown.
and who makes the switch?you do.
i do.
i can't get involved in this.
i think i may be in love with this woman.
what if she sees me?oh, you are such a wuss.
a wuss?yeah.
did you call me a wuss?well there is traffic.
 it might take her till eight-fifteen.
i got one problem.
 you're keeping her busy in the other room.
 now, what if she somehow gets away from you and is coming in? you have to signal me that she's coming.
a signal, right, um, okay, uh, okay, the signal is, i'll call out tippy-toe!tippy toe? i don't think so.
you don't like tippy toe?no tippy toe.
all right, uh, okay, i got it, um, i'll sing.
what song?'how do you solve a problem like maria?'what is that?oh, it's a lovely song.
 anything else?you pick it.
'lemon tree.
'peter, paul and mary.
no, trini lopez.
 alright ok.
 you got the tape?standard.
 micro.
how do you feel? confident?feel good.
you nervous?not at all.
get up, get up, it's her! oh, the hell with this, i'm scared to death, just walk away, it's off, cancel everything, go!hey! what are you doing here? i thought i was supposed to call you when i got home.
i, i couldn't wait.
 i was too anxious to see you.
oh, that's so sweet.
oh, this is my friend, jerry seinfeld.
 i just bumped into him around the corner.
 isn't that a coincidence? the funny thing is, i see him all the time.
all the time.
it's nice to meet you.
hi.
so, i'm starving.
 where are we gonna eat?you know, we could go uptown, and that way we could give jerry a ride home.
okay.
 let's go, i'm ready, where'd you park?don't you wanna go upstairs first?no, what for? i'll just give my bag to the doorman.
you know, i really need to use the bathroom.
oh well there's a bathroom in the coffee shop just next door.
yes, yes, but uh, i have to make a call, so well they have a phone.
i know jerry.
 he has this phobia about public toilets.
 i think we really should go upstairs.
 you know, i think i will go upstairs.
 i can check my machine.
right, right.
the bathroom's on the hall to the right.
uh, you know, why don't you go first, you just had a long trip.
no, i'm fine.
um, you know, it's the damnedest thing.
 it went away.
oh, that's weird.
no, no that can happen.
 i've, uh, i've read about that in medical journals.
 it's a freak thing, but well, let me just check my messages, and we'll go.
uh, carol, can i talk to you for a second? right now?sure.
please, this is very, very important.
 uh, tippy toe! tippy toe! lemon tree! s driving me crazy.
right.
 i am.
carol, that's so rude.
 please, i'm serious, just for a moment, if you wouldn't mind.
 and then we'll talk to jerry.
 m ready to go.
that's what you had to tell me? your father wears sneakers in the pool? t you find that strange?yes.
well, i'll just check my machine and we'll go.
no, nothing here, let's go.
 oh, i forgot to tell you.
 after i talked to you today my neighbour called me and played my messages to me over the phone.
oh, uh yours were hilarious, we were both cracking up.
 i just love jokes like that.
i love my phone machine.
 i wish i was a phone machine.
 i wish if i saw somebody on the street i didn't want to talk to, i could go, excuse me, i'm not in right now.
 if you would just leave a message, i could walk away.
 i also have a cordless phone, but i don't like that as much, because you can't slam down a cordless phone.
 you get mad at somebody on a real phone you can't talk to me like that! bang! you know.
 you get mad at somebody on a cordless phone you can't talk to me like that!'look at you.
 why don't you use a fork? you're no good with the sticks.
i know.
 i need a lesson.
you stink.
 you know you stink.
 what is this?oh.
 my ballet tickets.
oh.
 your ballet tickets.
hey, have you ever been to the ballet?no, but i've seen people on tiptoes.
you know, i'm going as a beard.
a beard?yeah.
 this friend of a friend knows this banker guy, he's, i don't know, years, unbelievably gorgeous, of course he's gay.
yes.
so anyway his boss has a box at the met and he invited us to see swan lake, which is fine, but he's afraid that his boss can't handle his orientation, so i'm going along as his date.
why are you doing this?swan lake, at the met.
oh, chinese food.
 i knew i smelled something.
hey, is george still wearing that toupee?yeah.
doesn't he know how ridiculous he looks in that thing?i think he looks fantastic.
oh, come on.
no, i never realized what an attractive man he is.
hey, people, people, people, people, people.
 not bad, huh? excuse me.
you look ridiculous in that thing.
is that so? or could it be that you're just a bit worried that you may have missed the boat?well i think they might have sutured that thing to your brain.
ha ha ha ha, oh all right, go ahead, deride, deride if you must.
 but let me tell you something, with my personality and this set of hair, you know what i am now? i am in the game.
 i no longer defer to the coifed.
 i'm a player.
you know i just thought of something.
 i know this gorgeous woman, she called me up this morning, she's moving into the city, and she asked me if i know of anyone she could meet.
 now you can go out with her.
well what about me?no i think he's got you beat buddy.
so she's gorgeous.
oh yeah, last time i saw her she was, five years ago.
well have you got a picture?no.
well, i have to see her.
hey, i know what we can do.
 i've got a friend who works over at the police station.
 he's a composite artist.
really?yeah, yeah, maybe i can get him to draw a picture of her for you.
oh i would love that.
 you think he'd really do it?yeah, yeah.
 i think he will.
it sounds like an excellent idea.
hey jerry, you want this, cause i'm going to give it to a homeless person.
well i'm very excited about this.
 i've always wanted to see how those sketch artists do it.
here you go brother.
 some food for you.
thank you.
 you're a good man.
 bless you.
now are you going to be here in an hour?where am i going?oh that's good, that's good.
 make the eyes, uh, what's that nut?almond?almond.
 yeah.
 make the lips fuller.
 poutier.
pouty? i like that.
you can't go wrong with pouty.
i'm excited about the pouty.
all right i think that about does it.
all right george, come on, take a look.
oh yeah, you were right.
 she's gorgeous.
hey, lou, who's that woman over there?oh, that's sergeant tierney.
 nice officer.
 you want to meet her?well this worked out okay.
 so are you going to see the police woman?yeah, i think i will.
 i like the idea of having the law on my side.
hey, man.
 enjoy the food?yes i did.
 where did the chinese learn to cook like that?oh, listen, i'll take that tupperware now.
i don't think so.
woah, woah, that's mine.
you gave it to me.
no, no, i didn't say you could keep it.
 you see i don't give away tupperware.
you should have said something.
i didn't think i had to.
 look with a piece of tupperware you just assume.
i've really got to thank you for this.
well by now, you think people would be a little more open minded.
really.
 would you excuse me? i have to run to the bathroom.
so, um, you and robert.
yes indeed.
i'm surprised.
really.
 why?no reason.
well believe me this didn't happen overnight.
 robert's not exactly a , if you know what i mean.
 no sirree bob.
 sure, i mean in a lot of ways, he's a typical guy, he likes his sports, but he counters that side with the side you see here tonight at the ballet, or the pleasure he gets in watching ms.
 liza minelli belt out a few choice numbers.
 it's those two halves of his personality that just come together to make him the very special guy that he is.
oh, hi honey.
oh it was such a great night.
and did they suspect anything?no, i was a fantastic beard.
 i held hands, i called him honey.
and we discover yet another talent.
 posing as a girlfriend for homosexuals.
oh it was such a great night.
 oh.
you said that already.
oh i did?yeah.
oh.
oh no.
 don't tell me.
 you like him?he's incredible.
yeah, but?yeah, i know.
so?what?not conversion.
 you're thinking conversion?well it did occur to me.
you think you can get him to just change teams? he's not going to suddenly switch sides.
 forget about it.
why? is it irrevocable?because when you join that team it's not a whim.
 he likes his team.
 he's set with that team.
we've got a good team.
yeah, we do.
 we do have a good team.
why can't he play for us?they're only comfortable with equipment.
we just got along great.
of course you did.
 everyone gets along great when there's no possibility of sex.
no, no, no, i sensed something.
 i did sense something.
 i perceived a possibility jerry.
you realize you're venturing into uncharted waters.
i realize that.
are you that desperate?yes i am.
so are you going to bring your gun? all right, then it's settled.
 first date, no weapons all right i'll see you then okay, bye.
what are you looking for?tupperware.
sorry.
 i don't have any tupperware.
i knew this was going to happen.
 i just made a delicious casserole, but now it won't keep because i have no tupperware.
what about a plastic bag?you must be kidding.
what is the difference?the patented burp, jerry.
 it locks in freshness.
so i spoke a little to your little friend denise last night.
oh yeah, you talked to her.
yeah for two hours.
 she's nuts about you.
yeah well we go way back.
why didn't anything happen between you two?who's to say it didn't?so did you describe yourself to her over the phone?yes i did.
what did you say to her?what do you think i said?i don't know.
i told her the truth.
as you see it?yes, as i see it.
did you tell her about, uh, your little hat there?what hat?you know, you're little hair hat there.
no.
don't you think she could tell?no, no, no she can't tell.
 it's a perfect match.
 beautiful job.
are you kidding? i could spot that bird's nest two blocks away.
you only think that because you know me.
have you noticed people staring at your head?i noticed people staring at my head because they like what they see.
well i think you should either take it off or tell her about it.
no he's not going to take it off.
 if he was going to go over there bald, i never would have introduced him.
look, i guarantee she won't know.
yeah that's it.
 all right, i'm going to go down to the precinct.
 i'm going to have lunch with lou.
oh, i'll split a cab with you.
hey i'm really sorry about the other day.
 really sorry.
hey that's my coffee!hi sarge.
hi, i'm sorry i'm late.
 some of our lineup decoys didn't show.
 hey any of you guys want to be in the lineup? make a quick bucks?sure.
 i will.
perfect.
 just go over there with officer lampert.
all of you, turn to the left.
the left.
now turn to the right.
 s the face, just like the picture.
george?yeah.
 hi.
 it's great to meet you.
likewise.
 have you been waiting long?no, no.
 i just got here.
 a few minutes ago.
good, good.
well why don't you take off your hat and stay awhile.
what's that?a polygraph.
 it's what you civilians call a lie detector test.
oh.
 let me ask you, when someone is lying, is it true that their pants are actually on fire?if i could tell you the famous faces that have been up here.
 a certain cast member of melrose place.
really.
have you ever seen the show?no.
you can admit it jerry.
 it's okay.
i admit it.
 i don't watch it.
hey lou, maybe we should put him on the poly.
the poly?yeah.
 i think you've seen it.
melrose place?yes.
 melrose place.
i just didn't know you watched that.
well i do.
i mean every time i mention it you never say anything or join in the conversation.
well maybe i was a little embarrassed.
you mean this whole time we could have been discussing sydney and michael and jane and billy and jake and allison, yes we could have discussed it.
why? why were you so embarrassed?the point is i'm going to be taking this lie detector test and that needle's going to be going wild.
that is stupid.
 why don't you just confess?it's too stupid to confess.
 look at what i'm confessing to.
so what are you going to do?i don't know.
 maybe i can beat the machine.
oh, who do you think you are? castanza?hey you know what? i have access to one of the most deceitful, duplicitous, deceptive minds of our time.
 who better to advise me?oh god this tastes terrible.
did you shake it up?no.
you gotta shake it up.
no.
 i'm sick of shaking.
 you've got to shake everything.
yeah, that's a real nuisance.
 this is killing me.
so, i'm going out tonight with robert and the boss and his wife.
so tonight are you going to make the move?yeah, i think i might.
hey there he is.
 so what happened? could she detect it?that's an interesting question.
how so?how so? i'll tell you how so.
 she's bald!what do you mean bald?what do you think i mean bald? bald.
 bald bald.
she's bald?she's bald.
oh come on.
oh come on? no come on.
 she took off her hat and there she was hello.
 it was like i was looking at myself in the mirror.
well maybe she got a haircut or something.
let me tell you something.
 no one walks into a beauty parlor and says give me the larry fine.
'women go bald?yeah, i've heard of that.
 i mean they usually wear a wig.
hey.
hey.
you fixed me up with a bald woman.
bald?yeah, that's right.
do you see the irony here? you're rejecting somebody because they're bald.
so? re bald!no i'm not.
 i bald.
elaine.
no, no, no elaine.
 m doing with it.
nooooo.
hahaha, why'd you start that fight with me?well i figured that's what couples do.
you almost convinced me we were a couple.
well it was easy.
 really.
well good night, i'll call you tomorrow.
oh, uh, wait a second.
 would you like to come, upstairs?upstairs?yeah.
 upstairs?elaine i was hoping you know, that you might be interested in changing teams?changing teams?have you ever thought about it?but i'm a starting shortstop.
robert, we need a shortstop.
 .
i tell you, when she threw that toupee out the window, it was the best thing that ever happened to me.
 i feel like my old self again.
 totally inadequate, completely insecure, paranoid, neurotic, it's a pleasure.
good to have you back.
and you know what else i've decided to do? i'm going to keep seeing the bald woman.
she's as good as anybody else.
her scalp was clean.
 she had a nice skull.
 there just wasn't a lot of hair on it.
yeah you've had like a religious awakening.
 you're like a bald-again.
going to need a little more coffee here.
so george, how do i beat this lie detector?i'm sorry, jerry i can't help you.
come on, you've got the gift.
 you're the only one that can help me.
jerry, i can't.
 it's like saying to pavorotti, teach me to sing like you.
'all right, well i've got to go take this test.
 i can't believe i'm doing this.
jerry, just remember.
 it's not a lie if you believe it.
hey, i did it.
what?i turned him.
 he defected.
get out! how? how did you do that?because i'm a .
 ba-ba-ba-boom-chicka-boom-chicka-boom-boom- boom.
elaine, do you know what you've done? you've give hope to every woman who's ever said too bad he's gay'.
well it's a lesson for the kids out there.
 anything's possible.
 jeromy, i have the jackpot.
 the perfect man.
 nothing but sex and shopping.
what's your name?jerry seinfeld.
what is your address? west st street.
did kimberly steal jo's baby?i don't know.
did billy sleep with allison's best friend?i don't know.
did jane's finance kidnap sydney and take her to las vegas? and if so, did she enjoy it?i don't know.
did jane sleep with michael again? s crazy.
 how could she do something like that? oh that jane, she makes me so mad.
he went back? what do you mean he went back?he went back.
i don't understand it.
 you were having such a great time, the sex, the shopping.
well here's the thing.
 being a woman, i only really have access to the, uh equipment, what, thirty, forty-five minutes a week.
 and that's on a good week.
 how can i be expected to have the same expertise as people who this equipment, and have access to it twenty-four hours a day, their entire lives.
you can't.
 that's why they lose very few players.
yeah, i guess i never really stood a chance.
well there's always a place for you, on our team.
yeah.
 thanks.
 is melrose place on?yeah.
 it's coming on in a few minutes.
okay.
hey.
 don't worry it hasn't started.
hey george, i am proud of you.
 i really do admire what you've done.
do you? that makes me so happy.
 elaine's proud of me jerry.
what is the matter?i got rejected by a bald woman.
 a bald woman rejected me.
 heh, you like that one? a woman with no prospects and no likes a slimmer guy.
well i'll tell you what i think.
 i think she saw you with that piece off and was devastated.
 you blew it boy.
 you really blew it.
 and you had to ruin it for him.
 didn't you?i didn't ruin anything.
 he looked like an idiot.
 he did, and it made him act like a jerk.
all right, shut up, shut up, melrose place is coming on.
oh that michael, i hate him, he's just so smug.
hey, how you doing stu? eddie, my man.
 you again? boy, you're a slippery one.
 you'd better straighten up and fly right buddy boy.
i've got an eyewitness to that jewelry store break-in.
 come here.
 do you recognize anybody in the lineup?that's the guy officer.
 the guy there in the middle.
 the tall guy with the, with the high hair.
 i'd recognize him anywhere.
hey you, you with the high hair, step forward.
me?say it's saturday night in spain.
 they go out dancing.
 you think they do the flamenco?i would think.
so you could call a woman for a date, ask her if she's free for dinner and a flamenco? t flamenco on the first date.
boy, i wish the flamenco was popular here.
yeah? would you do it?yes, i think i would.
well, i knew you'd have an affinity for it, because it's the dance of a very proud people.
hello.
 ll see you later.
 alright, bye.
i have to go over to my grandmother's.
what for?i have to open a bottle of ketchup for her.
so, what, no lunch?no, we have time.
oh.
 how's she doing?ah, she's starting to slip a little.
 sometimes she has difficulty distinguishing between the past and the present.
ah.
 you know, there's gotta be an easier way to open ketchups.
 they should make it in a tube.
like toothpaste?ya-hah.
there's a squeeze ketchup.
i've seen squeeze mustard.
 i've never seen squeeze ketchup.
well, if they make squeeze mustard, doesn't it stand to reason that they make squeeze ketchup?not necessarily.
 mustard lends itself to the squeeze.
i really don't see the difference.
oh, there's a difference.
 it's subtle.
it's subtle.
hey uh, isn't elaine supposed to meet us? yeah, there she is.
 uh-oh.
what?ah, she's with her friend wendy.
wendy? is that the uh, physical therapist?yeah.
 i'm on a kiss hello program with her.
really?yeah.
 every time i see her, i gotta kiss her hello.
 i just did it once, on her birthday, somehow it mushroomed.
 now i dread seeing her because of it.
 hey.
you know, i'm down to one kiss hello.
 my aunt sylvia.
ah, that's fortunate.
 i really admire that.
 huh.
 i never heard you say you admire me for anything.
no, i told you i admire your hearing.
no, don't slough that off, you have great hearing.
hey/hi/hello  wendy.
you're uh, physical therapist, right?yes.
you know, i got this little swelling right here.
 you make of it? george.
have you tried heat and ice on it? oh that uh, that seems like a lotta trouble.
well, you could come by my office later, i could work on it for you a little.
 oh! okay.
let me give you my card.
oh, thank you.
well, i'll see you guys later.
 nice meeting you.
 bye elaine.
bye wendy.
 i'm sorry.
bye jerry.
bye.
 what did you do that for?what? ask about your arm.
i still don't see why i can't ask her about my arm.
she's a physical therapist.
 she doesn't want to have to deal with that outside of the office.
why not?because, it is what she does.
i love these people, you can't ask em questions.
 when huge sums of money are involved, then the delicate genius can be disturbed!george, you got a little something, right here.
 re so important  m going on record right now that that was my last kiss hello.
 i am getting off the kiss program with her.
why?well, you know, frankly, outside of a sexual relationship, i don't see the point to it.
 i'm not thrilled with all the handshaking either, but one step at a time.
 re you getting? s with that hairdo, by the way?huh, yeah, i know.
 it's not very flattering.
she looks like something out of an old high school yearbook.
 you should say something to her.
oh, i could never say anything to her about that.
yeah.
 kramer's the only person who could say something like that.
yeah.
 hah.
well, just tell kramer to tell her.
no.
 if you tell him to do it, he'll never do it.
what you have to do is introduce him, and then he'll just come out with it.
 ll bring her over to meet  kramer.
hello, boys and girls.
speak of the devil.
yeah.
 hey listen, i uh, i need a picture of you, buddy.
what for?well, i'm uh, i'm putting everybody's picture up in the lobby of our building.
why?so everyone will know everybody's name.
 see, people are gonna be a lot friendlier.
 t want my picture plastered up in the lobby.
imagine walking by someone on the floor, and you say hey, carl! and he says hey, jerry! you see, that's the kind of society i wanna live in.
 t wanna stop and talk with everyone, every time i go in the building.
 i just wanna nod and be on my way.
 s smudged a little.
 why do you wear so much eye makeup? yeah.
 this is gonna work out just fine.
ma! again with the ketchup? don't they have em in the plastic squeeze containers? jerry! hello!hello, uncle leo!what're you doing here?nana called me to open the ketchup bottle.
yeah, me too.
hello jerry.
hi nana.
aren't you gonna kiss her hello?yes.
 yes of course.
ha, well, here's the bottle.
 ll do it.
 re you doing, i got it.
give it to me.
will you stop it.
jerry, will you give me the bottle?uncle leo! alright! take it!you should let buddy open it.
buddy? he lived next door to us forty-five years ago.
leo, did you give helen the fifty dollars?what fifty dollars?your father won a thousand dollars at the track last week, and he gave you a hundred, and you were supposed to give fifty dollars to your sister.
ma, dad died in nineteen-sixty-two.
 t owe your mother fifty dollars.
i'm just not getting any hot water.
hey, believe me, i know there's nothing worse than when your shower's not working.
 i'm gonna take care of it as soon as i can, jerry.
thanks, julio.
awright.
huh? hey, hey hey hey.
 hello!what's going on here? ohh, nothing, nothing.
 re you doing?oh, i, i need a pen.
what for?well, i'm making out my will.
 oh, i got a big slice of dough for you, buddy.
 and you too, elaine, i haven't forgotten you.
 t you?you got that straight.
i told you, forget it.
oh, come on, jerry.
 if everybody knew everybody, we wouldn't have the problems we have in the world today.
 well, you don't rob somebody, if you know their name!you're robbing me.
well, i'm gonna get your picture, and you're gonna participate in my program.
wha w are you going home?yeah.
uh, could you come back in about five minutes?why?no reason.
 just wanna see you again.
 s coming?yeah, she'll be here any second.
well, this'll be a very interesting experiment to see if kramer says something.
 you sure you wanna go through with this?listen, jerry.
 she never dates, and i know it's because of her hair.
hello.
 oh, hi mom.
 yeah, i was at nana's yesterday.
 i had to help her open a ketchup bottle.
 hey, mom, let me ask you a question.
 do you remember when you were a kid, your father winning like a thousand dollars at the track? well, i think you should.
 okay, bye.
do you know what the interest on that fifty dollars comes to over fifty-three years?oh, morty, please.
six hundred and sixty-three dollars and forty-five cents.
 and that's figuring conservatively at five percent interest, over fifty-three years, compounded quarterly.
 or, if you put it into a ten-year t-bill morty, will you stop it! s not getting away with this!yeah?wendy.
come on up.
well, this is it.
 shall i go get kramer?no no, he'll come in.
 well, this is gonna be my first opportunity to not kiss her hello.
what is the big deal about putting your lips on somebody's face?it's the obligation, you know? as soon as this person comes in, you know you have to do this.
 i mean, if you could, say, touch a breast as part of the kiss hello, then i think i could see the value in it a little better.
how bout an intercourse hello? how would that be?elaine, now you're being ridiculous.
 s her.
hi/hey.
 hi wendy.
oh, hi jerry.
 would you like something to drink?sure.
 there you go.
 ah.
oh, look at that.
 i'm almost outta klondike bars.
so, how's everything going?oh, okay.
 oh, your friend george came by the office the other day, and then yesterday he cancelled on me.
oh, yeah, he had to take his mother to the chiropodist.
oh, you hear that? that must be kramer.
hey! jerry!c'mon, that's not fair!i told you i was gonna get it.
no, c'mon kramer.
 gimme that picture.
 aagh.
 no no no no no.
 alright, fine.
 put my picture up.
 what do i care?uh, kramer.
 kramer, i'd like you to meet my friend wendy.
oh, hello.
 hi.
 yeah.
 you know, i really like that hairdo.
 oh.
 thank you.
 i actually was thinking it might be time for a change.
 oh, you were?well, i  t wanna do that.
 no no.
 nobody wears it like that.
kramer, if she wants to change her hair no, no.
 you'd be a damn fool to change it.
 it's very becoming.
oh, well.
 oh, ho.
so, who's that friend of yours? that guy that came in.
oh, kramer.
yeah.
 does he have a girlfriend?you wanna go out with him?well, why not?well, it's just that uh, i don't what, is there anything wrong with him?elaine?i'm just thinking about the question.
you know, my arm feels a lot better.
 that wendy really knows her stuff.
  she is super.
 same time tomorrow.
 there you go.
oh.
 ah, you owe a hundred and fifty.
what for?well, you cancelled on tuesday, and our policy is twenty-four hours notice, for all cancellations'.
 t come.
 i, i had to drive my mother to, to the chiropodist.
what's the problem? s appointment? i had to take my mother to the chiropodist.
well, i'm sorry, that's our policy.
 the delicate genius has a policy! george heads for the door.
so.
 will you be here tomorrow?well, it's less than twenty-four hours, so i guess i have to!hey! you think? you like it?oh my god! look at that picture, it's terrible  you can't put that picture up.
well, it's not a beauty contest.
 it's just a way for people to get to know one another.
hey cosmo.
hey  steve.
 ah, you see?hey kramer, my friend wendy wants to go out with you.
 well, how do you do?hello, jerry.
oh.
 hello, uh mary.
you know, i've seen you so many times and now we can finally talk to each other.
 t this nice? yeah.
jerry.
 you know, could you help me with a package?oh, sure, yeah.
thank you.
oh, no!you see? that's just what i need.
 more kissing! hee, hee, hee.
 hee hee hee what is so funny?nothing, nothing.
 hello.
 oh, hi mom.
 okay, bye.
 uncle leo put nana in a home!why? t know.
 maybe to keep her quiet.
hi jerry.
 mmmwah.
 hi joan.
how you doing?pretty good.
just pretty good? not great?okay, great.
are you happy?oh, i'm delighted.
okay.
 have a nice day.
you too.
hi jerry.
hi, louise.
hey.
ah, well.
 thank you very much!for what? t even get out of the building!you should be thanking me for liberating you from your world of loneliness and isolation.
 now, you're part of a family.
family?yeah.
you think i want another family? my father's demanding my uncle pay interest on fifty dollars he was supposed to give my mother in nineteen-forty-one, and my uncle put my nana in a home to try and shut her up! and i tell you another thing, cosmo kramer, whatever you wanna be called.
 the kissing thing is over.
 there's no more kissing, and i don't care what the consequences are.
oh, hi.
 mister costanza, we were trying to get in touch with you.
 wendy can't make her appointment.
what d'you mean?she had some personal affair she had to attend to.
 i left a message on your machine.
 you didn't get it?when did you leave the message?few hours ago.
 m sorry, i require twenty-four hours notice for a cancellation.
 now, as i see it, you owe me seventy-five dollars.
look, mister costanza will that be cash, or cheque?i am really glad i took the day off.
oh, yeah, there's nothing better than skiing.
yeah.
 i hope my clients weren't too upset.
ugh, the hell with em.
what're you stopping here for?i'm dropping you off.
 m three more blocks.
yeah, but if i take you to your door, then i have to go all the way around central park west, back to columbus, you know it's all one way yeah, but it's only three blocks.
right.
 it's only three blocks.
 alright, well she'd driven me a hundred and twenty miles and, all of a sudden, three blocks from my door, she decides this trip is over.
 isn't that strange?yes, it's very strange.
 very strange.
i've never heard of anything like this.
 i mean, it's almost as if i was hitch-hiking and she says well, this is as far as i can take you.
'i tell you.
 if you were hitch-hiking, you'd never get into a car with someone with a hairdo like that.
i had to carry my skis, and my boots and my poles.
 i think i pinched a nerve in my shoulder.
you should have her work on it for you.
yeah, alright, i gotta go.
hi jerry.
hi mary.
uh, listen.
 i decided i can't kiss hello anymore.
 i'm sorry.
 it's nothing personal .
 it just makes me a little uncomfortable and i can't do it.
 i'm sorry.
hi jerry.
hi louise  i was just telling mary how i'm not gonna be doing the kiss hello thing anymore.
 m sorry.
 thank you for your cooperation.
hello.
jerry?hi mom.
 so, what's happening with uncle leo? is he paying you?well, he said no.
 he said we had no proof.
no proof? we'll get him.
 he's a crook, sooner or later, he'll slip up.
uh, anyway, i want you to go check on nana at the home.
okay, i will.
d'you realise, an above-average performing growth mutual fund for fifty-three years what's up? oh, i gotta go visit my nana in the nursing home.
oh.
hey, kramer, look at this.
look at my picture!i've been defaced!hey, don't you worry buddy.
 i made double prints.
hey.
 hi cosmo.
oh, hey, jack.
 how you doing?hi jack.
hey, julio.
 i was wondering, could you get to that shower today, you think?oh, i see.
 when you need something done, you're very friendly to people, huh? s not true! re civil to each other.
yeah, she's upstairs, playing cards.
you know, she really doesn't belong here.
 my uncle put her here, because he's trying to prove he doesn't owe my mother fifty dollars.
well, she seems very happy.
 she met an old friend who used to live next door to her.
buddy?yes, that's his name.
 he's right over there.
 t owe you anything.
 i had some personal business that day.
 re a delicate genius!a delicate genius?elaine? george! hah.
 good luck.
what's going on? m having trouble lifting my arm.
 do you think you could give me some treatment?oh sure.
 you have insurance, right? re charging me?wednesday? that's your personal business?! re shushing all over a mountain?how did you hear that?i hear everything.
i mean, why don't you two just take your business elsewhere, hmm?oh, huh huh, that is a good idea.
 c'mon george.
yeah.
 let's go.
 and you know, you might wanna do something about that hair.
why, what's wrong with my hair?huh, i think it's a little old-fashioned.
 don't you? uh, tell her.
she's right.
so you were with him that day at the track?oh yeah.
 he won a thousand dollars.
 his son was there too.
leo?yeah, that's it.
 leo.
 ooh, what an obnoxious little kid.
 he used to steal my soda bottles.
 and cash em in for the deposits, uh?is that so?and, after your grandfather hit the daily double, he gave him a hundred dollars, and told him to give fifty to his sister.
 his sister? why i tell you he shoulda give it to me for all the bottles he took!well, that's very interesting.
 you remember buddy.
 he just told me quite a story about you and grandpa at the track.
 one second  re busted!hey, steve.
 how you doing?hey, jeff.
 what's happening?mary! oh, mary! give us a kiss.
don't be like that, mary.
 c'mon, i made a mistake! nobody wants you here.
 nobody!hi mary.
hi jeff.
 how are you?hi pete.
 how you doing?hey, let's go get some coffee.
great idea.
oh, that'd be great.
oh, paul, could you hold that door hi.
hey.
 could i use your shower?what, again? you took one this morning.
 mon, please.
i know but i little problem.
 wendy here?no no no.
 she changed her hairstyle, re done.
i'll go get some more beer.
oh yeah, yeah, great.
 and get some of those blue corn chips.
hey.
hi cosmo.
hi.
 mmmwah.
ooh, i like that.
 s that?stefanie.
 -g.
oh man.
 looks like you got quite a few people here.
yeah yeah.
 well uh, you know, i'd invite you in, but uhm you know.
 oh, yeah, i understand.
whoah, whoah, whoah.
 may i help you? m just going up to see elaine benes.
 no-one here by that name.
oh, she's uh, she's house-sitting for mr.
 pitt.
oh.
 house-sitting, mmm.
yeah.
what're you, the boyfriend? here for a quickie?can i just go up?oh, i get it.
 why waste time making small talk with the doorman? i should just shut up and do my job, opening the door for you.
how bout those knicks?oh, i see.
 on the sports page yeah.
 what makes you think i wasn't reading the wall street page? oh, i know, because i'm the uneducated doorman.
so, you think your parents'll get back together?i hope so.
 i can't take him living with me much longer.
 he makes this kasha, it stinks up the whole house.
hey, george, stick em up.
what?for these german tourists.
 pretend that i'm robbing you.
why?so these people can go back home and tell their friends they saw a real new york mugging.
 it'll give them a thrill.
awright, hands up, porky!that's it.
 now, gimme your wallet.
 got it in here, huh, fat boy! is that all you got?! hah? is that all you got?!alright, that's enough.
i'll tell you when it's enough! ll stalk you!where've you been? we're gonna miss the movie, let's go.
i am not going back down there.
 i can't face that guy again.
what guy?the doorman.
 i don't wanna play anymore of his mindgames.
 what time does he get off?six.
 but then the night doorman comes on.
 he's much scarier.
 ha-ha.
well, it's almost six now.
 can't we just wait til he goes home? i we'll still make the movie.
 okay, okay.
what'd you do today, dad?today, i went record shopping in greenwich village.
 i bought this record, but i can't seem to find the hi-fi.
i don't have a hi-fi.
didn't i give you my old record player? i gave it to cosmo.
cosmo? who's cosmo?i'm cosmo.
well, i want it back.
 i wanna listen to that cha-cha record.
 one-two, cha-cha-cha.
 alright, alright.
 can we go out and eat? lemme change my shirt.
jerry, it's six.
 s go.
uh, that doorman's still milling around outside.
 he's very peculiar.
no, don't  oh, hi mr.
 pitt.
 give that to me.
 s scotland? elaine, are you having a party?a party.
 oh no, that was just my stupid friend jerry.
alright, he just left.
 we can go.
 m gone.
believe me, we're not entertained.
 we were just leaving.
 oh, can you grab those empty bottles for me.
i need to know what's in the mail.
oh, well, mr.
 pitt, there's really nothing that can't wait.
 we're trying to catch a movie.
 s in the mail.
alright.
 t go.
 uhm, the new time magazine.
 the new people  s on the cover?hey, buddy.
 re you doing here? you work at this building too?ah, sure.
 poor doorman has to work two jobs to put food on the table for mother and baby.
 t it?so you work all day as a doorman at one building.
 then you come home and stand outside your own building?you got a problem with that?look, i'm not going in your building.
 i really don't have to talk to you.
 goodbye.
 t you?!my father opened his shirt yeah, and? tell him, kramer.
 he had breasts.
what d'you mean, breasts? big breasts!so what? a lot of older men have that.
no, not these.
 these were real hooters.
i was throwing up all night.
 it was like my own personal crying game.
well, maybe you're gonna get em too, george.
 s a genetic thing, like father like son?but, your father's not bald.
no, no no.
 that skips a generation.
 the baldness gene comes from your grandfather.
then i suppose the bosom gene comes from your grandmother.
you know, frank can't be too comfortable with those things clanging around.
 he should wear something for support.
you mean like a bra?a bra is for ladies.
 i'm talking about a support undergarment specifically designed for men.
boy, that brain never stops working, does it?i tell you, i'm gonna go noodle with this.
 re twins.
 what!!our shirts.
 they're the same.
oh, huh, imagine that.
 d you say to the doorman?what? nothing.
 he claims that you followed him home, and started harassing him.
what has this guy got a personal vendetta with me?! what'd i do to him? cos i asked him about the knicks?hey, did you make the movie?no.
you wanna go tonight? you can pick me up.
alright.
 can we go to a later show, so he's off his shift when i come by?ugh.
 so now we have to rearrange our lives to avoid the doorman?yes, we do.
what is wrong with george?he's trying to get something off his chest.
 alright, i gotta try and talk my mother into taking him off my hands.
help you? re supposed to be gone.
i traded shifts with the night doorman.
 he had some personal affairs to attend to.
 you see, my fellow doorman and i watch out for each other.
 we don't stab each other in the back, like people in your world.
 d really just like to be friends.
you wanna be friends?i'd like to be.
then watch the door for a minute, would you?what?yeah, i just wanna run and get a beer.
 i'll be back in a minute.
wha ? wai wait a second.
 what do i do?it's not brain surgery.
 you open the door for people who live here.
 and, if they don't live here, don't let them in.
 wear that.
oh.
 hey, hey.
 wait a second.
 hey! hello!hey, hey, wait a second.
 you live here? m going to call the police and have you arrested.
 re better than me? you have to sign for it.
oh, right.
 bout those knicks, huh? yeah, yeah, yeah.
hey.
 i uh, brought back your record player, huh.
thank you, kramer.
yeah.
 put it over there.
so, how you feeling?tired.
uh huh.
 your back hurt?how did you know?well, it's obvious, you know.
 you're carrying a lot of extra baggage up there.
 up here?oh, yeah.
 top floor.
 mind you, this is just a prototype.
you want me to wear a bra?!no, no.
 a bra is for ladies.
meet, the bro.
so, is your father excited about coming home?george? hey mom.
 what kind of woman was grandma?all of a sudden you're interested in your grandmother?well, you know.
 you get to a certain point, you wanna know about your roots.
she was a lovely woman.
yuh.
 what about physically?physically?yeah, you know, what'd she uh, look like?well, you've seen pictures.
 t tell much from those pictures.
so what?was she uh, was she a big, uh woman?big? no, just my height.
bosomy?bosomy? you wanna know if your grandmother was bosomy?! no, i was just wondering.
 the information could be relevant.
where do you get your genes from?! d like to know.
i can't believe you left your post.
he left me there.
 you see the mind games? s going on here? s get out of here.
yeah.
 oh, my god!what were you doing watching the door anyway?he asked me to.
 we were getting along.
 m in this too deep.
don't you find it odd that as soon as he leaves, the couch gets stolen? maybe he's setting me up! alright, shut up.
 shut up.
 just let me think.
 i gotta think.
 we gotta get our story straight.
alright, well what if we say alright, em.
 you came to pick me up i came to pick you up.
yeah.
 that's what i just said.
i know.
 i was just yeah, i know what you were just.
 it's not helping.
alright, well.
 just, start again, then.
okay, you came to pick me up at right.
you see? again.
what? i said right.
alright, you came right upstairs, without talking to the doorman.
but the doorman's gonna say that i was there.
 s gonna believe a doorman!but i don't know if this is gonna work.
 ll be fine.
 let me do the talking!okay.
good.
 now fix me a drink.
how's that feel?this feels very comfortable.
you see?i feel ten years younger.
yeah, and your posture's a lot better.
 look at you.
and i can breathe easier, too.
i told you! now, frank, listen.
 here's what i'm thinking.
 now, you have a friend in the bra business, right?of course.
 sid farkus.
 he's the best in the business.
 ll be me, you and the bro, bro.
let's do it!except, we gotta do something about the name.
why, what's wrong with bro?no, bro's no good.
 too ethnic.
alright, you got something better?how bout uh the mansiere?mansiere?that's right.
 a brassiere for a man.
 the mansiere, get it? ve scared her off.
 we may never see mom again.
hey george, what d'you like better? the bro, or the mansiere?dad.
 we need to talk.
i had to use the bathroom, so i asked this guy to watch the door for a few minutes.
why should i believe you? actually, it was her friend.
i was just speaking to the doorman here, about the couch robbery.
oh really? the doorman.
 and, pray tell, what did the doorman say?he said he asked a friend of yours to watch the door.
 t he?well what do we have here? perhaps miss benes could explain why a jerry seinfeld signed for this package at the exact same time the couch was stolen.
 t know how to do anything.
 s playing all these mindgames.
you're saying i'm responsible for the couch? there was nothing i could do.
 he said he had a federal express slip with your signature on it.
 diabolical.
 he thought of everything.
 he was setting me up from day one!is it possible we were victims of a sting?i'm sure he's having a good laugh over this with his doorman buddies.
no.
 i was just messing with his head.
anyway, jerry jerry?we have to replace the couch.
now we have to buy a new couch?! t you take back the couch you gave me?the one with the poppie stain?!yeah, sure.
 s gotta move out.
but it's got a pee-stain on it.
no, the cushion's turned over.
 i guess.
 t be more perfect!now, it's called the bro.
or, the mansiere.
yeah, but i prefer the bro.
i like mansiere.
well, i have to tell you, it's a very interesting idea.
yeah.
you know, selling bras exclusively to women, we're really only utilising fifty percent of the market.
 s what we figured, huh? i told you.
and, to be perfectly frank, i've always felt i could use some support.
 i know, when i'm wearing banlon, there appears to be some jiggling.
 t be caught dead in banlon.
 you see in the back? hooks? velcro? what?uh.
definitely velcro.
say you're getting intimate with a woman uh, you don't want her fumbling and struggling back there.
i think we've all experienced that.
summer nights.
 very funny.
well, i still have to talk about this to mr.
 degrunmont of course, yes.
 but, barring any unforeseen developments, gentlemen, i think we're sitting on a winner.
 frank, i wanna tell you how sorry i am to hear about you and estelle separating.
oh, thank you, sid, but that's all in the past.
 i'm ready to move on.
 t think uh, this is out of line, but would it be okay with you, if i were to ask her out? where do you get the nerve to ask me something like that?!oh, no, frank, i was just saying i know what you're saying, and i know what you're thinking!!no, frank c'mon, cosmo, i'm not doing business with this guy.
frank!jerry took the couch back.
he took it back? didn't you tell him i was using it?oh, i pleaded with him.
where am i supposed to sleep?well, i took the liberty of packing your things.
 s coming to get you.
i thought jerry didn't want that couch, because of the stain?what stain?oh, you didn't notice? it has a pee-stain.
 you had me sleeping on a pee-stained couch? no.
 no, no, no.
 the cushion was turned over.
 but, the very idea.
 you had me lying in urine!!ah! there's mom, there's mom.
is it safe to come in?oh, of course.
 of course.
you're not having any of your transvestite parties?will you stop it? i lived with him for forty years, i never saw him trying on my underwear.
 as soon as he leaves the house, he turns into j.
 edgar hoover!here, cosmo oh, hey.
 you can have the hi-fi.
 t need it now awright, i got it.
 i got one at home.
alright, let's go.
we'll go out for dinner tonight.
i can't tonight, i'm busy.
what d'you mean, busy?i'm having dinner with someone.
with whom?sid farkus.
 re not having dinner with a bra salesman.
hey, he only sells them.
 he doesn't wear em.
okay, that's it! i'm not coming home! s no place to sleep!we'll work something out.
stop him! ja, ja, ja, it's him!stop that man! it's him.
somebody, stop him! please, quick.
 stop, it's him.
 i know, i know.
 help.
 stop him.
hey, hey.
 that record player is not yours.
now, look.
 somebody gave it to me.
you're a thief.
 we have proof.
what is that?the first upper-body support undergarment, specifically designed for men.
how does it connect in the back? with a hook?oh, no, no.
 here, velcro.
 keine problem, ah?is gut, ja?well, i suppose it'll have to do.
it's a beautiful couch.
it's hardly been used.
poppie!oh, hello, jerry.
what're you doing here?visiting my friend.
ohh.
 hey, how you feeling?oh, much better, much better.
 the doctors say i cannot have no aggravation.
hmm.
so, i sell the restaurant, uh? i just take it easy.
 see, if i get excited, ats aggravated my condition.
 the last time i got aggravated, was in the restaurant.
 with your friend.
she start the big fight, about abortion.
it's you! it's you!wha ?you! i i gotta sit down!no, poppie! no!!kasha?no.
 thanks, dad.
 that guy was amazing, he could dunk and he was my height what was his name again?''jimmy''jimmy, right.
''i dunno how you could forget .
 he kept reffering to himself in the third person.
 jimmy's under the boards.
 jimmy's in the open.
 jimmy makes the shot.
''ah! your just mad cause we beat ya.
''jerry it's my fault .
i couldn't make a shot.
 these losses they stay with me.
 they 'hey! jimmy!!! ha ha ha great game.
''oh yeah .
jimmy played pretty good.
''hey you know , i felt we had like a synergy out there,you know, like we were really helping each other.
''what d'you got there?''these?''yeah''these are jimmy's training shoes.
''yeah,yeah yeah yeah! i've seen these they sorta they make your legs stronger.
''oh yeah! jimmy couldn't jump at all before he got these.
 jimmy was like you 'they're plyometric.
 'plyometric?''yeah! they isolate the muscles.
 the muscle has to grow .
or die.
' 'jimmy sells'em.
''you sell them?''oh yeah! but jimmy's all out right now.
 moving to manhattan set jimmy back a bit.
''hey listen, let me give you my card.
 it's got my home number on it.
 i want to buy the first pair when the next shipment comes in.
''all right''all right jimmy good talking to ya.
''jimmy'll see you around.
''what day is today? .
aw.
 tuesday! damn it.
 i shouldn't have worked out today.
 mr wilhem has called a big meeting and now i'm gonna be sweating through the whole thing.
''why.
 you took a shower?''aahhrgh it wouldn't take long pause, audience laughter) ten minutes from now, i'll be sweating all over again ,i can feel it.
 i'm a human heat pump!''you should take cold showers.
''cold showers? they're for psychotics.
''well i take em they give me a whooooosh.
''all right, i'll see you guys later.
''aw right.
''so, you're heading home?''no got dental appointment.
''ah! what tim whatley?'yeah!''oh yeah.
! i got a check up on thursday.
''oh! how d'you like that?''you know you really shouldn't brush hours before seeing the dentist.
''i think that's eat hours before surgery.
''oh no, you got to eat before surgery, you need your strength.
''i called this meeting because we have a problem.
 for the last few months someone has been stealing equipment from the club.
 until recently it's been little things, y'know; bases, batting helmets, donuts, but two nights ago they pulled the big one.
 'they took a pitching machine, a batting cage ,the in-field tarp and all of mr steinbrenner's vitamins now , we have reasons to believe it's an inside job.
' 'if anybody here knows anything about it i recommend strongly that you come forward.
''dr whatley's running a little late.
 if you'd like to take a seat, i'll call you when he's ready.
''all right.
''oh! okay.
 right.
 thanks mr pitt .
'kay.
 goodbye.
' .
'the velvet fog?''yeah! mel torm&eacute;, that's his nickname.
''what the hell his a velvet fog.
''do you wanna go or not?''well , where is it?.
''he's performing at this amca benefit.
''amca?''able mentally challenged adults''naaaaaa i can't watch a man sing a song.
''what are you crazy?''they get all emotional , they sway.
 it's embarrassing.
''well, what am i gonna do for a date.
? oh! do you know that hemmm! blond guy who's always at the exercycle at the health club?''i don't think so.
''yeah yeah! he's really handsome with those ' 'you can't find beauty in a man?''no i find them repugnant and unappealing.
''hey!' 'what?''no ,elaine and i we're just discussing whether i could admit a man is attractive.
' hmm! oh! yeah.
 i'll tell you who is an attractive man; gorge will.
''really!''yeah! he has clean looks, scrubbed and shampooed and .
''he's smart .
''no, no i don't find him all that bright.
''so you got any cavities?''just one .
gotta go back oh but get this.
 elaine, you will appreciate this.
 i'm sitting in tim whatley's waiting room he's got a penthouse right out on the table.
''penthouse?''yeah!!! what is that? i mean isn't that sick.
 i mean , i'd be embarrassed to have that in my apartment.
''so what's wrong with that? 'so did you take a look?''of course .
 but that's got nothing to do with it.
''well i'll tell you i'm looking forward to my appointment on thursday.
 i might even get there a few minutes early.
''hey''hey! hey! listen do one of you guys know that that blond guy who's always on the exercycle at the health club.
 you know he's just really handsome? ' 'you know that just admitting a man is handsome doesn't necessarily make you a homosexual.
''it doesn't help''all right, i'm gone''i'll see you.
' 'what are you doing that for, you got a job''there's a lot of money in this he's got a proven sales method' yeah! what's that.
''he jumps!''jimmy's got a record.
 jimmy's jumping for dollars.
 jimmt and george are gonna get rich.
''will you stop with the jimmies''hey! what's this?''kom pau '  m stretching right in front of you.
 heeeey!! a smile.
 aah! we made contact, all right one more stretch and then go talk to him.
'you know jimmy is pretty sweet on you.
''aaaaaahhh! he is?!''oh yeah!.
 jimmy's been watching you .
you're just jimmy's type.
''aaaaaaahhh! really?' 'jimmy's new in town.
 jimmy hem doesn't really know anyone.
''oh! well i'd like, like to get to know him.
''jimmy would like to get to know you.
''ha .
''hey! kramer''boy , you're looking sharp there tim.
''yeah well .
i do what i can.
 how've you been.
''euh fine , good , yeah! just been occupying myself with some of your .
hem reading material.
''so what'ill it be? novocaine?''oh yes, yes indeed.
''why don't we just clear a path first.
''yeah, yeah, lets do that.
''you remember mr.
 thirsty.
''all right euhhm ''ahh! you too with these?' 'so what did tim say?''wellhum .
he th'aid i gotta cut out the ssssfkittles.
''looks like he gave you some novocaine''ohhh h'am loaded.
''so what about the penthouse.
 did you ask him?''well he said that humm you know.
that it helps his pathients relax a little bit and he's got a new polithy: adults only.
''adults only?''yeah!!!''what the hell's going on over there?''well you know its great.
 you know, no kids allowed.
 you don't have to watch your language.
''you find you need to use a lot of obscenities at the dentist.
'he he when they pull that needle out i let the expletives fly.
''hey! hey! watch it.
! you're drooling all over the floor.
 how much novocaine did that guy give you.
''well aye can't hold the water.
''oh yeah!! jimmy's ready.
''hey jimmy''ha harrr.
''jimmy's got some new moves.
''go jimmy''check jimmy out''ooohhh!!!!! jimmy's down.
' 'jimmy might have a compound fracture jimmy's going into shock!!' 'hey i'm doing the best i can!!!''why are you taking this so personally?''because if he can't jump.
 there goes my sneaker business!!'  'but i can't feel anything.
''hey taxi!!! taxi!!''go ahead, go ahead you got it  oh! please, go ahead take it'no,no you were here first.
'no.
 no i i insist.
 i'll grab the next one.
''lets share we share .
awight''yes ! splendid.
 that's a great idea.
''my name is arnold deensfrei:.
 what is your name?''eh!! cosmo kramer.
 nice to meet you''very nice to meet you cosmo.
 are you heading home? 'good for you you are really independant.
''yeaheum you're not doing too bad yourself''argh!! anyway jimmy couldn't be here today so he asked me to fill in for him, and i'm sure that you'll be impressed at what can be accomplished after only a few short days of training yeah!' 'what about the velvet fog ?' 'well he's singing at a benefit and i'm gonna be sitting at his table.
''i'm going to that!''i'm a guest of honor.
''what are you talking about?''well this afternoon i shared a cab with this a hum deensfrei:.
''yeah, yeah! arnold deensfrei:, he runs the amca 'yeah! well that's the guy .
he's organizing the dinner.
''i know that but why are you going?''well, because we hit it off and he was very impressed with what i do.
''what you do!!.
 you don't do anything.
''well apparently i do something cause i'm sitting at the head table with mr.
 mel torm&eacute; 'ehmm these are my vertical leap training shoes.
''wait a second where you wearing those shoes in the cab?''yeah! yeah! right after i left the y.
''don't you see what's happened, he couldn't talk , he's wearing these shoes, he's drooling.
''what!!!''he thinks you're mentally challenged.
''well you know ''well ,what happens when you show up .
 he'll see that you're not.
?''not necessarily because ''sheryl, would you ready the nitro 'oh! where's jennifer today?''oh!! she's over at dr.
cessman's office.
 we find it fun to swap now and then.
''whhhoooo!!!!' 'arrrrrrgh!! it's george oh! sports wholesaler.
 yeah.
 yeah.
 thanks for calling back.
 no , no , no still got the shoes, still got the shoes.
 lots of them.
 this is beautiful athletic gear.
'' well.
 i'm sorry.
 call you right back.
''so george.
 have you heard anything about the missing equipment?''no! not nothing.
''george, there's nothing i hate more than a liar.
''well there's no room for someone like that in this organization.
''are you feeling all right george?''hemmm! fine!''you look a little warm.
'' it's the chicken''you're a terrible liar george.
 look at you, you're a wreck!.
 you're sweating bullets.
''it's the kom pau george likes his chicken spicy.
'' .
maybe you were still under the gas.
maybe you were hallucinating you're coming out of the gas but you were still under the gas.
''i don't think so.
 i think they were getting dressed and not only that; my shirt was out!!!''your shirt was out?''i think so.
''well, what kind of shirt was it.
?''you know! like a tennis shirt.
''oh! well you don't tuck those in?''sometimes i tuck'em sometimes i don't''well.
 were you tucked?''i think i was tucked.
!''all right then say you were.
 i mean what do you think could have happened.
?''i don't know but i was spitting out and rinsing like there was no tomorrow.
''ughhhh''is this guy a dentist or caligula?''what are you gettin'?''i don't think i'm hungry:''okay so you were violated by two people while you were under the gas.
 so what? you're single.
' but i'm damaged goods now.
''join the club.
''hey, by the way, did you ever call that guy from the health club.
?''oh yeah! jimmy.
''jimmy?'ahum!''that's the guy?''yeah!''can't believe your going out with him ''why?''i dunno.
 he's so strange.
''how so?''did you notice he always refer to himself in the third person.
 jimmy can dunk.
 jimmy's new in town.
 jimmy we'll see you later.
''no no that's not him.
 that's the guy who gave me jimmy's number.
''that's jimmy.
 that's the way he talks.
''i'm going to go see mel torm&eacute; with him?''jimmy's gonna put the moves on elaine ''i have to go see steinbrenner later.
 mr wilhelm told him that i was the one responsable for stealing all the merchandise.
''why?'''cause when he questioned me about it i was sweating from the kom pau ''i don't know how you can eat that spicy chicken,''george likes spicy chicken.
''what's that?'' .
i like spicy chicken''no no you said george likes spicy chicken.
''no i didn't''yes you did you said george likes spicy chicken 'you're turning in to jimmy.
''george is getting upset ''so what do you want to see jimmy about?''well .
 'huh uh ''about tonight hum there's been a little misunderstanding.
''ah! jimmy doesn't like misunderstanding.
''yeah.
 what happened was .
''jimmy and misunderstanding kinda clash.
' 'well, jimmy's very unusual.
''well anyway hum .
 see when i made the date, i thought that jimmy ''hey look.
 hank's got a new boyfriend.
 jimmy's not threatened by hanks sexuality jimmy's happy for hank.
''elaine once tried to convert one but elaine's not going through that again.
''i'm going to try and find some candy.
 you want some?''yeah!''what kind?''i don't care:''hey jimmy!!''i elaine.
''elaine got a new dress.
''jimmy likes it.
''there's no candy around here.
 hey! jimmy.
''well look who's here.
''whooo!''that's the guy who sidelined jimmy.
''what!''that's the guy who took the bread out of jimmy's mouth.
 jimmy's out of work because of you 'jimmy wants a piece of kramer 'jimmy's gonna get you kramer!!.
 hands off jimmy!!.
 don't touch 'no no i've been living alone a long time now.
''well i think that's the tops.
' 'yes george, come in ,come in.
 you know george i've been your biggest supporter around here and thats why i was so disappointed to hear that you been pilfering the equipment.
''george would never do anything like that.
''no why would i.
 i own it.
''right!''so what are you saying?''why would george steal from the yankees?''he wouldn't.
' 'course not''exactly 'sir?''nothing.
' 'yes it is.
 well lets see what i have today.
 darn it it's ham & cheese again and she forgot the fancy mustard.
 i told her i like that fancy mustard.
 you could put that fancy mustard on a shoe and it would taste pretty good to me.
 oh! she made it up with a cupcake though.
 hey look at this.
 you know i got a new system for eating these things.
 `i used to peel off the chocolate now i turn them upside down , i eat the cake first and save the frosting for the end.
 s almost like its own dessert .
'ladies and gentlemen .
i want to dedicate this song to a very courageous young man.
 yooooouuuuuuu 'hey! got the new penthouse''where's my mr.
 goodbar?' ah! here here listen dear penthouse, i want to tell you about an experience i recently had.
 as an avid reader i've always wondered if the letters jerry it's funny, paula and i actually met because of elaine.
 elaine is in my drawing class at the new school  and i went down there one time to see  a nude model.
 if elaine wanted to get some coffee.
 you know i went out once with a nude model.
 never let me see her naked.
 hundreds of people see her naked every week, except me.
 needless to say it was quite vexing.
 are you through? yeah! so anyway, i started to compliment elaine on her sketches and it turns out,they're paula's.
 george, i just like to doodle oh! dropped a napkin jerry! what? what are you doing? she had those nuts in her mouth, she just spit them out.
  oooh!!! you.
 you ate these? you sucked on these and put them on the plate? well i didn't know you were gonna eat them? soo i'm sorry you find me so repulsive? no ,no i don't, i mean, don't be silly yeah! it's just well, hem ,if you'll excuse me i think i'll just go to the ladies room.
 i'll join you.
 oh! man did you see that.
 i ate discarded food.
 well i've done that.
 yeah, but with you it's intentional.
 haven't you kissed her? yeah, but this is different , this is like ,you know, semi digested food stuff.
 you know the next stop is the stomach and you can take it from there.
 excuse me just for a second.
 ah.
 yes that's gonna make a big difference.
 this is dating , you can't leave anything to chance.
 hey ,you think that shelly's upset that i made such a big deal about the pecan.
 hehummm , yeah! thanks.
 no problem.
 well jerry , i guess we should get going .
 ah! boy.
 well, it was very nice meeting you shelly and jerry be careful, there's a lot of nuts out there.
 all right you have everything? can you grab my purse.
 yeah.
( reaches for the purse and finds a piece of paper .
 he looks annoyed.
 yeah! so don't you see what this is? yeah! it's a doodle.
 yeah!, a doodle of me look at the size of the nose , the ears, all my features are distorted.
 oh!.
it's an affectionate caricature.
 i'm grotesque .
 i look like a troll.
 it's just a drawing.
 don't you see what this says? how can you possibly like somebody ,if you think they look like this?  what is with him? the usual so, you know what? my friend judy recommended me for a job at viking press.
 good for you yeah! but get this.
 viking has a deal with the plaza hotel, they got a two bedroom suite, there, for out-of-town clients so guess what i did? oh! come on, you told them you're from out-of-town just so you could stay in a hotel room.
 i know, i know jerry but it's the plazaaa i've never stayed there .
it'll be like a little vacation well be sure to catch a broadway show while you're in town.
  ve used your parents address in florida.
 oh! there coming to town tomorrow by the way.
 hey.
 what's this.
?.
 don't ask.
 what is it a drawing of mr.
 magoo no ,it's george it is you enjoying yourself? sorry.
 you see.
 you see! listen when is your next drawing class? tomorrow .
 all right, i want you to do me a favor.
 what? i want you to find out is she likes me.
 find out if likes you?.
 what, are you in high school? george come on can't you just talk to her yourself? but she's gonna know that i like her more than she likes me.
 you know my parents are coming in and i got some clean up to do , so if you and potsie are done scheming .
 well, they're in what's in? the macanaw peaches ,jerry , the macanaw peaches!!!! aah! right.
 the ones from oregon that are only ripe for two weeks a year yeah yeah i split a case with newman i waited all year for this oooh this is fantastic makes your taste buds come alive .
it's like having a circus in your mouth take a taste nah, i don't wanna come on ,just take a taste i don't want it come on just taste!!! i don't want it .
 he ya.
 aya.
 ayyyyyaaaaa!!!! i am not gonna taste your peach.
 i ate some one's pecan last night, i'm not gonna eat your peach.
 jerry , this is a miracle of nature that exists for a brief period.
 it's like the aurora borealis.
  what is this? what? yeah! i think i got flea bites.
 flea bites? look at this, my ankle's all bitten up.
 you got a dog? no.
 well, that is strange.
 how could i have fleas? don't sweat it buddy i used to have fleas.
 what did you do about them? what do you mean? hey guys .
 jerry .
 kramer hi jerry what's wrong? nothing jerry, i'm your mother, now what is it? mom, dad i have fleas hey paula! i hear you been going out with george costanza? how did you know?? everybody knows.
 y'know george told me he thinks you're totally cute and everything.
 he said that? ha hum do you like george? yeaaah! he's cool.
 no i mean do you like him or do you like him like him? like like looks aren't important to me ,you know? miss benes , are you chewing gum?  humhummmm .
 yep! in your bedroom too mr.
 seinfeld.
 you've got a full outbreak of fleas on your hands.
 i don't get this.
 how did this happen.
 i don't have a dog.
 i don't explain em mr.
 seinfeld.
 i just exterminate them.
 i don't understand this i m gonna have to seal the place up for hours and fog it.
 that's the only way to get rid of them.
 nobody can be in here for hours, i got my parents in town.
 well , unless you want to kill them.
 they can't stay in here.
 this stuff is pretty toxic.
 i'll go get my stuff, it's in the truck.
 okay hi .
??? bug guy.
 why do you have a bug guy? i have fleas.
 argh fleas how did you get fleas? i don't know but every one's got to clear out of the apartment for two days.
 i don't know what i'm gonna do with my parents.
 they'll never let me pay for a hotel and if they go to someplace on their own i'm sure it's gonna be some awful dump.
 wait a second have you checked in the plaza yet? no .
oh no .
 come on,c'mon no, no c'mon ,c'mon .
 no, no c'mon, c'mon .
 no, no .
yesss!!!!!! yes!!! yes!!! yeah! well what about you.
 where you gonna stay? i dunno , i'm gonna ask shelley ,but she still might be upset from the masticated pecan incident.
 hey!! i found out from paula; she likes george.
 i'll bet he'll be relieved.
 yeah when he's dead he'll be relieved oh by the way viking press sent a fedex for you to my parents.
 they brought it with em.
 yeah that's just some stuff about the company.
 hum hey! did you talk to paula? yeah.
 so what did she say? she likes you she said she liked me.
 no kiddin she said that? ya! those were her exact words, i like george.
 yep! ha haaaaaaa jerry how do you like that.
you see i get myself in a dizzy, i'm all worked up and for what? for nothing ha ha in fact she said that looks aren't even that important to her you see what!! ah oh!! she said looks aren't important to her? well hum let me rephrase that, she said .
 she thinks i'm ugly.
 i knew it.
 you see the thing of it is, there's a lot of ugly people out there walking around, but they don't know they're ugly, because nobody actually tells them.
  so what's your point? i dunno okay the point , george, is she likes you.
 oh!, so what.
 i'd rather she hate me and thought i was good looking .
at least i can get somebody else.
 what is this? why am i itching? that'd be the fleas.
 hey!!! hey! i do you like this? huh, huh! oh! my god, morty lets go, this is too nice.
 hey! this is the kind of room sinatra stays in.
 hey! look , macadamian nuts.
 macadamian nuts? hey! you know what these cost, they're like cents a nut.
 jerry, are you sure this all right? yeah! it's all taken care of.
  hey!!! they got a phone in the john here.
 judy .
 hey!!!!.
 hi, thank you so much for recommending me to viking press .
 it is my pleasure , just make sure you give that manuscript a good read.
 manuscript? yeah.
 i'm sure they fedexed you a manuscript.
 they want to see that you can read an unpublished work and give insightful criticism.
 oooh!! read it twice if you have to.
 this is a big step in your career.
 yeah! hmmm i gotta go hey! what about lunch?  i gotta gooo thank god i found you oh! hey! you still got that fedex? yeah! i got it .
 it's in the apartment, but we can't go in there it's being fumigated.
 no i'll take my chances.
 come on you see? jerry , i need that fedex right now i told you to take it.
 well, i didn't know that it was a manuscript that i had to read well, you can't go in there it's like a gas chamber in there.
 i left a macanaw peach in your refrigerator.
 kramer, they're fumigating.
 there's toxic gas in there.
 toxic gas!!! aw! you'll be fine, you were in there for what , a couple of minutes.
 an hour and a half!!! i was reading a manuscript, i just couldn't put it down.
 my manuscript? how do you feel? now that you mention it , a little woozy.
 kramer you got go back in there grab my manuscript.
 i'm not going back in there!! all right then, where is it?? i left it on the coffee table or somethin well wh wh.
what are you doing? i'm going in .
 didn't you see the sign on the door? well i thought it was so your parents wouldn't walk in while you're with a girl.
  s not on any table, kramer.
 where is it? well i don't know .
 i was in the bathroom , the kitchen okay bathroom .
kitchen.
 can you get me a soda? jerry, i had some milk, i made a sandwich.
 i got to get out of the building.
  t find it anywhere.
 how did you get fleas anyway? i don't know.
 who could've been in my apartment.
 i ve looked everywhere , even under the couch but all i could find were the stupid chunky wrappers.
 i couldn't .
 wait a minute .
 did you say chunky wrappers? yeah! let me see those.
 ve got him.
 newman .
 open the door, newman, i know you're in there.
 hello jerry.
 what a pleasant surprise.
 there's nothing pleasant about it, so lets just cut the crap you gave me fleas.
 i know it and you know it fleas? bwa ha ha ha ha .
that's preposterous.
 how can i , give you fleas.
 now if you don't mind oh! but i do.
 there's probably fleas crawling all over your little snack bar.
 so , you have fleas.
 maybe you keep your house in a state of disrepair.
 maybe you live in squalor.
you know newman , the thing about fleas is that they irritate the skin and they start to itch.
 oh! maybe you can hold out five seconds or ten, maybe fifteen or twenty but after a while, no matter how much will power a person may have.
 it won't matter, because they're crawling , crawling on your skin.
 up your legs , up your spine , up your back  oh! oh! that feels good.
 hey! this guy charges a hundred bucks an hour but i'm telling ya he's worth every penny oooohh! i'm next.
 hey! leo, get this, four movies at once; pay per view.
 i love these nuts.
 this champagne's gone flat.
 nana!!! he ha ha ha let the chambermaid clean it up hello what's the matter? well i spoke to elaine hey! look , no shave.
 no why should that make any difference to you? it doesn't of course not.
 you don't care what i look like.
 that's right i don't.
 i suppose i could just pull this out t care? not a wit.
 hu humm? i suppose we could go to lincoln center and i'd be wearing sneakers and jeans and that would be fine too.
 you can wear sweatpants.
 i could  you could drape yourself in velvet, for all i care.
 velvet did you read the whole thing? oh! yeah.
 huh .
 so what's it about? well it's a story about love, deception, greed, lust and unbridled enthusiasm.
 unbridled enthusiasm ? well , that's what led to billy mumphrey's downfall.
 oh! boy.
 you see elaine, billy was a simple country boy.
 you might say a cockeyed optimist, who got himself mixed up in the high stakes game of world diplomacy and international intrigue.
 oh! my god.
 ah! here we go.
  can i have a scotch on the rocks.
 may i  yeah! go ahead.
 what is this? what? what are you doin'? i can't taste this.
 what are you talking about? this food ,it has no taste nothin i'm gettin nothin' hey, thanks a lot for lettin me stay here.
 well, i don't keep pecans in the house so i didn't think it'd be a problem.
  oh! damn what's the matter? i forgot my toothbrush.
 oh! no problem you can use mine.
 yours? .
you know what i'll think i'll brush later.
 brush now.
  newman ,let me have a bite of your macanaw what for, you got your own.
 come on ,c'mon i need to taste it.
 t even taste a macanaw.
  s a shame.
 waited all year and i can't even taste it you can't taste em .
 why waste em .
 why not give them all to me.
 it's a story about love , deception ,greed , lust and .
 unbridled enthusiasm .
 unbridled enthusiasm.
 yeah! tha that's right.
 that that's what led to s downfall.
 hmmm interesting take.
 so you believe, has he not been so enthusiastic he could have adverted disaster.
 yes ye yes that's right you see ,billy mumphrey was a simple country boy.
 some might say a cockeyed optimist, who got caught up in the dirty game of world diplomacy and international intrigue.
 so it was more a question of attitude than politics yes, yes mr.
 mandel.
 hey! under siege is on again.
 whose up for it? no more nuts.
 awrghh oh! my god.
 what the hell is this? don't tell me .
velvet!!! it's the real deal.
 she's seen you in this thing.
 that's right we just had sex you know jerry i've been searching for someone a long time.
 well the search is over.
 and now the search for the right psychiatrist begins.
 he he so huh! what's with the suitcase.
 ahh! she threw me out.
 why? i wouldn't use her toothbrush.
 so where are you staying? well i guess i'm stuck with the velvet fog.
 three hours of massage time , twelve in-room movies including several adult features, five shoe shines and four hundred dolars worth of snacks.
 not to mention the damage to the room.
 mr mandel, you don't understand my my friend had fleas.
 i ran into the gas, it could have killed me, and my, my other friend couldn't taste his peaches ,they only good for two weeks.
 i think , you've read, one too many, billy mumphrey stories.
 good day miss benes.
 okay good day hi george.
  you ever had a macanaw peach? oh! yeah i love those.
 too bad , it's all done.
 ya .
yes! .
yes! it's back i can taste again.
 s the date today? the fifteenth.
 fifteenth , yes last day for the macanaws.
 i can still make it.
 wait newman sorry , last one .
 would you want to suck the pit?  t you.
  hello is anybody here? they said they were sending an asian woman.
 oh! my god.
 i hear you're going out with david putty.
yeah.
 what, is it a problem?well, i think he could've asked me.
 supposed to be a friend of mine.
well, i guess he figured you just wouldn't care.
 it been a few years.
elaine, you always care who an ex-girlfriend dates.
 you don't want it to be someone you know, and you don't want it to be someone better than you.
 now, even though the latter is impossible.
oh, god.
the former still applies.
 i don't know what it is, but i just can't see you with a mechanic.
oh, yeah.
 right, right.
 well, all those mechanics do is work all day with their hands and their arms on machines, and then they come home dripping with animal sexuality like stanley kowalski.
 what a huge turn-off that is.
all right.
look at that.
 they got lobster on the menu.
 who would order a lobster here.
 i mean, do they bring a lobster in everyday hoping the day.
so what if they have a lobster.
 suddenly you're a shell-fish connoisseur.
you know, i think we really need to be in front of a television set.
 you take t.
v.
 out of this relationship, it is torture.
so, i'm getting an eye job.
an eye job? ma, you don't need an eye job.
georgie, i'm a divorcee.
no, you're not a divorcee.
 you&yuml;re just separated.
 you're---you're a separatee.
well, i'm out there, george.
no, you're not out there.
i am, too!you're not out there! you can't be, because out there, there's not enough voltage in this world to electroshock me back into coherence!well, anyway, the operation is on tuesday and i need you to drive me home because i'll be all drugged up.
tuesday? i can't do it tuesday.
 steinbrenner needs me to run---this is the only time the doctor .
kramer, hey, hey! hi, little buddy.
come on over and sit down.
hey, listen, i gotta go somewhere.
no, you're gonna sit down, you son of a gun all right, i'm sitting down.
 how are you? so, kramer.
 i'm getting an eye job.
oh, yeah, good for you.
 hey, you have to look your best.
 you're out there now.
she's not out there!so, who is your doctor?uh, bakersoll.
 s good.
 he worked on this kid from guatemala with no nose.
 turned him into ricardo montalban.
hey, kramer, what are you doing tuesday?tuesday? uh why doesn't pick you up after the operation.
 he's got the car with the bench seats that you like.
oh, i don't care.
yeah, i know, but i can't drive anybody anywhere until i go down to the motor vehicle bureau and get my new plates.
well, giddy-up!yeah, i'm here to pick up my new plates.
 my name is kramer.
 cosmo kramer.
kramer .
 all right all righty sign right here, please.
  s been a mistake.
what's your name again?cosmo kramer.
 cosmo kramer.
 you the assman.
no! i'm not the assman.
well, as far as the state of new york is concerned, you are.
how do you feel?fine.
something the matter?no.
then what is it?no, nothing.
hi.
i was with david last night.
yeah, so.
he did the move.
what move?you know move.
wait a second.
 move?david putty used move?yes, yes.
are you sure?jerry! there is no confusing move with any other move.
i can't believe it.
 he my move.
what else did you tell the two of you must have had a little chat!oh, it wasn't like that! i didn't even mention you.
 you know, we were in the garage.
 you know how garages are.
 they're conducive to sex talk.
 it's a high-testosterone area.
because of all the pistons and the lube jobs?well, i'm going down to that garage and telling him to stop doing it.
well, wait---wait a second.
what?isn't that a little rash?no! he stole my move!yeah, but like the move.
yeah, but it's like another comedian stealing my material.
well, he doesn't even do it exactly the same.
 he--he--he uses a pinch at the end instead of the !oh, yeah.
 the pinch.
 could be lifted.
you know, it's strange, because he's such an honest mechanic.
i know, he's probably the only honest mechanic in new york.
 so he stole my move and he's using it on elaine.
you told david putty your move and you didn't tell a move.
 you know i have no moves, jerry.
 gimme a bite.
can i just get it opened first?i can't believe you're hoarding sex moves.
 i'm out there rubbing two sticks together.
 you walk around with a zippo.
all right, all right.
 here.
 .
 s very good.
you feel better?yeah, much better.
 all right, so what's the move, because i need .
 this woman i'm dating, it's like she's doing her nails during love-making.
nancy klopper?yeah.
 never seen anyone so bored.
 i'm working like a dog here.
 give me a moan.
 .
 i'd settle for a belch, for god's sake.
 all right, come on, let's have it.
all right, george.
 i'm gonna tell you.
 but i just wanna make sure, before---yeah, yeah, yeah.
 it's in the vault.
 i'm putting it in the vault.
it's not even a question of that.
 the point is when something like this is passed along, one must be certain that it's going to be used in a way.
 this is not some parlor trick to be used---you're gonna tell me or not.
all right.
 on your bed.
 you got a headboard? you'll need a headboard.
i got a headboard.
is it padded?no.
good.
 how tall is she?five-foot four.
 why?you can't have more than a one-foot differential in your heights.
 otherwise, you could really hurt your neck.
i can't tell ya how much i appreciate this.
george, if you could master this, you'll never be alone again.
now, the ending is kind of an option.
 i use the swirl.
 i like the swirl.
 i'm comfortable with the swirl.
 feel the swirl is a great capper.
 he uses the pinch, which i find a little presumptuous.
is it a clockwise swirl?i prefer clockwise, but it's not written in stone.
here you go, buddy.
 .
what is it? jerry! it's made from fusilli pasta.
 see the microphone?when did you do this?in my spare time.
 m using ravioli.
 see, the hard part is to find a pasta that captures the individual.
oh why fusilli?because silly.
 get it? yeah well, thank you very much.
so, did you get your new plates?oh yeah.
 i got my new plates.
 but they mixed them up.
 somebody got mine and i got their plates.
what do they say?assman.
assman?yeah.
 assman, jerry.
 i'm cosmo kramer, the assman!who would order a license plate that says assman'?maybe they're wilt chamberlain's.
it doesn't have to be someone who gets a lot of women.
 it could be just some guy with a big ass.
yeah, or it could be a proctologist.
yeah.
 proctologist.
come on! no doctor would put that on his car.
have you ever something up there.
 never! it's always an accident.
 every proctologist story ends in the same way: it was a million to one shot, doc.
 million to one.
'oh! there's my phone.
 so, where you gonna stick this i'll tell you where i'd like to stick it.
hey, david.
oh, hi, jerry.
hey, what's the story? i hear you're doing my move.
what move?what move? move.
 the one i told you about.
 you used it on elaine.
you're move? what, are you kidding? i was doing that before i knew you.
 all you told me about was the ending.
the ending is the whole thing.
 without the ending, it's nothing.
 you had .
oh, that ending was obvious.
 i would have figured it out anyway.
 i didn't need you to tell me that stupid twist.
swirl.
whatever.
 i don't even do it.
oh, yeah, i know.
 you do the .
yeah, that's right.
you can't come up with your own stuff , so you other peoples? you're nothing but a hack.
are you through, cuz, uh, i gotta get back to work.
well, i'll tell you what i'll do, you know.
 if you wanna do it out of town okay.
 but not in the city.
all right, how about the next time your car breaks down, you take out of town.
fine.
good!ow, george! what are you doing? uh you know, uh pleasuring you.
well, stop it!you don't like the move?no.
 i don't.
you're kidding.
no, i'm not.
 it feels like aliens poking at my body.
sorry.
 i'll just go back to my usual routine.
oh, god! oh, god, dave! oh, yes! yes!no, i'm sorry.
what?!!i can't do the move.
what?oh, he's ruined it for me.
oh, oh, come on, please?no, he called me a hack.
 i'm just not into doing it anymore.
oh, so---so that's it?i'll come up with some new stuff.
'call me.
 thirty-six, twenty-four, forty-six.
 i think i have what you're looking for.
 .
i must caution you about one thing.
 you can't cry for at least ten day.
 you can ruin the operation.
oh, okay.
now, is someone coming to pick you up?yes, my son's friend should be here any minute.
can i help you?ah, yeah.
 doctor cosmo kramer.
 proctology.
oh, oh, okay.
 sure thanks.
 have a good day.
i just can't get over how fantastic you look.
oh, really?oh, yeah.
 this takes twenty years off.
and it was all done by laser.
 i don't even need bandages.
did he say assman'?oh, yeah.
oh my goodness.
you got that straight!boy.
 i never dreamed it could make such a difference.
you must have done wrong.
 you probably screwed up the order.
 did you close with the swirl?supposed to close with the swirl?oh my god.
 yes, you close with the swirl.
 there's a progression there.
 i told you to write it down.
yeah, yeah, should've written it down.
yeah?elaine.
c'mon up.
 re gonna give it a bad name.
hello? yeah, this is jerry seinfeld.
 what? twenty-eight hundred dollars?!! that's the estimate on my car?!! no, don't even do anything.
 i'm gonna think about it.
 okay, bye.
what's to think about? if putty says it's what it is, it's what it is.
 he's not gonna cheat you.
except that it's not putty.
what happened to putty?eh, we had a little fight about the move.
 i took her to this other place.
 i think they might be trying to screw me.
well, of course they're trying to screw you.
 what do you think? that's what they do.
 they can make up anything.
 nobody knows.
 by the way, you need a new johnson rod in there.
 'oh, a johnson rod.
 yeah, well, you better put one of those on.
'hey, elaine.
yeah, yeah, hello.
is it something i said?yes! as a matter of fact! david putty won't do the move anymore.
really?oh, he's come up with some other move.
 you should see this thing.
what is it?oh, it's a lot of just fancy-shmancy stuff.
 you know what it's like? it's like a big budget movie with a story that goes .
huh.
i mean, this move is no good, jerry.
 it's just taking up a lot of my time.
 and i will not stand by and allow him to perform this move on me, when a perfectly good move is just sitting in the barn doing nothing!let me ask you a question.
 this new move.
 is there a knuckle involved in any way?yes.
 as a matter of fact, there is.
i think that's mine.
i'm not surprised.
listen.
 i need you to do me a favor.
 when's the next time you're gonna see him?why?you gotta get an estimate on my car from him.
 i think this garage is trying to screw me.
an estimate? how am i supposed to do that?well, look.
 here's the work order with everything that broke.
 just kind of bring it up at the right time and find out.
  what? what is this?that's, uh, fusilli jerry.
fusilli jerry?yeah.
 kramer made it.
all right, listen, i'll see you guys later.
hey, assman!hey, well, this is sally.
hello.
hi.
hi.
shall we go?okay.
 you can't face the fact that i'm improving myself.
you're not the only one improving yourself.
 i worked out with a dumbbell yesterday.
 i feel .
just take your mail and go home.
 i have things to do.
i got things to do, too.
don't upset me! i can't cry!getting an eye job like some manhattanite, huh?well, it's already working.
 kramer made a pass at me.
kramer made a pass at you? you're crazy.
i'm not crazy.
 he stopped short and made a grab.
he stopped short? that's my move.
 i'm gonna kill him!hey, let me ask you a question.
sure.
what do you charge for blown shocks?what?two, three hundred?i don't know.
 maybe five hundred.
ah.
what about a bad gasket?bad gasket?yeah.
 like a terrible gasket.
what is all this?nothing, nothing.
 i'm just taking an interest in what you do.
what kind of car is it?oh any kind of---of a swedish car.
all together, that could run about sixteen hundred.
oh.
is that with the parts and labor?uh-huh.
hmm.
oh, no.
 no, david.
 no, please.
 not the knuckle .
wow.
 that was .
it just came to me.
i---i've never in my life have---have i---.
 what was that?you mean in the end?uh-huh.
a counter-clockwise swirl.
what's that?what?on---on your hand? let me see what's on your hand.
nothing.
 i don't know just a little dirt.
give me that.
 s on your hand.
number one.
 take her leg .
 oh, my god! crib notes? you've got crib notes?!!it's a very complicated move! i couldn't remember it all.
oh, my god, you're sick.
 you know, it's not the s.
a.
t.
s!assman? i'll get him, assman!sixteen hundred dollars? that's all? , they are ripping me off.
so what are you going to do?well, that's it.
 i'm going back to putty.
 no move is worth this.
oh! you mean you don't care if he does the move anymore?are you kidding? he can do every move i've ever done! do you know what a good mechanic is worth? you can't compare that to sex.
hi, mr.
 constanza.
 what's uh ?where's your friend kramer?i don't know.
 why?because i'm looking for him.
 that's why.
 he stopped short.
what do you mean?in a car, with my wife.
 he stopped short.
 you think i don't know what that's about? that's my old move! i used it on estelle forty years ago! i told everybody about it! everybody knows! hmmph! i stopped short.
really, stopping short.
 that's a good move.
you're not kidding it's a good move!hey.
hey.
hey, frank.
don't frank me! i know what you did.
 how dare you stop short with my wife!c'mon, frank, relax.
 i don't even know what you're talking about.
you think i don't know, assman?!! to think i almost split the profits on the manssierre with you.
bro.
manssierre!bro!manssierre! you !aah!!!oh, my god!if i wasn't there, i wouldn't have believed it.
me either.
they say this guy's the best.
he had to use cork-screw pasta.
jerry.
 jerry, come here.
 take a look at this.
the name on the boat.
 look at it.
assman!yeah s* the assman!which one is the son? i am.
ah.
 i'm doctor cooperman.
 i just want you to know that this won't take long.
 and he's going to be fine.
yeah, excuse me, uh you didn't by any chance recently get the wrong license plates?yes.
 i'm still waiting for the motor vehicle bureau to straighten it out.
so you're the assman.
it was a million to one shot, doc.
 million to one.
where have you been?!! you were supposed to fix the stove! i've been waiting for hours!i fell on some fusilli.
fusilli?you know, the corkscrew pasta.
 it was a fusilli jerry.
 it got stuck in me.
 had to go to the proctologist.
the proctologist? are you okay?yeah.
oh, i was so worried.
 ma, don't cry!oh, i can't help it!ma, your eyes!oh!what time does your flight get in? six? all right, that gives us six hours.
 then i'll meet you at the diplomat's club.
 i'll be the one without the big red sash.
 okay, see you tonight.
 is that the supermodel?yep, she's not gonna be back for a month, but i got six hours.
i thought you had a show in ithaca.
i do, but it's three o'clock and then i'm flying right back and meeting bridget at the diplomat's club in the airport.
well, guess what i'm doing.
 i'm going to mr.
 pitt's, and i am telling him that i am quitting.
so that's it? you know i never even met the guy.
i've had enough.
 i am marchin in.
you're marchin in.
i'm marchin'.
 hey.
hey.
 elaine's quitting.
really?i'm marchin in.
i've done the march in.
 best feeling in the world.
how bout the march out?not as good.
 that's when you realize all the money you're losing.
this is it.
 wish me luck.
get a march goin'! march it! jerry, i need to borrow your camera.
why?well, i wanna put a picture of me and my boss mr.
 morgan up at the office.
what for?they're reorganizing the staff, and i'm on thin ice with this guy as it is.
isn't putting this guy's picture on your desk a little transparent?it better be.
mr.
 pitt, i have something to tell you.
one second elaine.
mr.
 pitt elaine, you know what i just did? i just amended my will to include you as a beneficiary.
what?well, i think of you as part of my family.
 you've come to be like a daughter to me and i want to make sure you're taken care of after i'm gone.
 mr.
 pitt  elaine, i feel a cold coming on.
 could you get me a cold pill from the medicine cabinet?oh no no, mr.
 pitt, you mustn't.
 you have to check with the pharmacy before you combine anything with your heart medicine,yes, yes, i'll check with the pharmacist.
we don't want anything to happen to you mr.
 pitt.
 we want you to live a long, long time.
 bout a shot of me and mr.
 morgan?why?why? because we're a team! c'mon! would you take this for us, dear? thank you very much.
 here we go anyone ever tell you you look a lot like sugar ray leonard? yeah, you must get that all the time.
i suppose we all look alike to you, right costanza?no, not a racial thing, there really is a resemblance oh my god.
who are you?this is the girl i want to put in my will.
 elaine please, rest mr.
 pitt.
you're the assistant? why weren't you taking care of him?well, he gave me the morning off, i was doing a little shopping.
 how did this happen?took a very dangerous combination: prescription heart medicine and these other pills.
mr.
 pitt, you were s'posed to talk with the pharmacist.
i spoke to someone who worked there.
i'm gonna go and call that pharmacist.
 how well do you know her?jerry, listen, just so you know, before we take off they're gonna tell us what to do in the vent of a crash-yes, i know.
 i've flown before.
oh good.
 i just didn't want you to freak out the chance of a crash is very slim.
 do you have to go to the bathroom?no.
 t get another chance until way after take off.
hey, how you doin'?pretty good.
name's kramer.
earl hafler, nice to meet you.
 i'm headed to houston, where you headed?oh i'm happy right here.
 isn't this place amazing? planes flying in from all corners of the world, and they know the minute they're arriving.
ah they don't know a darn thing.
 that's why my flight the houston's been delayed.
 they're all morons.
 matter of fact, i'll bet you that that flight to pittsburgh takes off before my flight to houston.
bet? um, not betting.
friendly wager.
i haven't made a bet in three years, i-ah c'mon.
 keep things interesting, pass the time.
okay, how much?how bout ?you're on, cowboy!how ya doin'?okay.
nice day today.
what?i'm george.
 george costanza, you live around here?now arriving at gate this could be mexico city.
c'mon seattle, let's go.
come on, mexico city!seattle, yeah! flight from mexico city.
all right, c'mon, let's go again.
mr.
 pitt, do you need anything?no.
you need something to sit up.
 why don't i get you a pillow?okay.
it's a pretty full house, the lighting guy's name is lew, he's got a birthday next week.
i don't care.
by the way, jerry, i don't want you to freak out, but the pilot is going to be in the audience.
who?remember the plane we took here? the pilot is gonna be sitting out there watching the show.
i don't care, why are you telling me this?i just didn't want you to freak out when you saw him.
why would i freak out? pilot hey, all right.
 good afternoon ithaca.
 welcome, good to see you here boy, i'll tell you, there's an awful lot of those orange cones you have on the throughway on the way up here um i it didn't go very well, did it?no, it didn't.
 and you know why? seeing the pilot in the audience really freaked me out.
i knew it.
if you hadn't mentioned anything, i would have been fine.
 i became obsessed with him.
why did we invite him? stupid, stupid.
 when he asked for a ticket, i should have said no.
 i'm gonna go chew him out.
oh, it doesn't matter now.
don't worry, jerry.
 i'm on top of this.
yeah, you're on top of it, and i'm on the bottom!well, mr.
 kramer, looks like you're in the hole $ will that be cash or check?all right, look, one more bet.
 double or nothing.
 c'mon.
all right, but i wanna see some cash on the table.
all right, let me call my bank.
 you stay here.
 hello?yeah, it's, uh, me.
hey, what's up?all right, listen.
 i need some cash.
what for?i just need it, that's all.
oh no.
 don't tell me.
 you're gambling again, aren't you? oh you weak, weak man.
 where are you?i'm at the airport.
the airport?we've been betting on arrivals and departures.
 ve gotta get me some cash.
i don't have that kinda dough.
sure you do.
oh no, no, not the bag!oh help me man, i'm desperate!all right, all right.
sorry for the delay, folks, there is a slight complication that we're taking care of, and then we'll be on our way to la guardia  what is the complication?mr.
 seinfeld?yes?i'm sorry, but the pilot has asked that you leave this plane.
what?apparently, he has some sort of problem with you.
i'm not surprised.
 i really let him have it, jerry.
 he has no business being in your audience if you didn't want him there.
i didn't care.
well, now the pilot doesn't want you on his plane.
he can't just throw me off the plane!yes he can, if he has cause to believe a passenger will be a disturbance.
but i'm not a disturbance!well, apparently you are disturbing him, sir.
but someone is waiting for me!jerry, i don't want you to freak out.
i'm freakin out! i am freakin out!there's a flight leaving at eight, and another one at eight-thirty, which one do you want?which one do you think i want?the eight will get you in a little earlier.
then we'll make it the eight.
i'll book a hotel, do you want a standard room or mini suite?]hotel?yeah, it's eight in the morning.
no, no, no.
 i have to get home tonight.
 bridget's gonna be waiting for me at the diplomat's club.
 rent a car.
mid-size, luxury, or sports model, what's your preference?i don't have a preference, okay! just make a decision yourself! stop bothering me with every minor little detail, please?okay, you're a big celebrity.
 yo.
george.
hey, jerry, how was ithaca?i'm still here.
 listen, you gotta go down to the diplomat's club hey, jerry, what was the name of the exterminator who fumigated your apartment when you had fleas?carl, i think.
carl yeah, he was a nice guy.
yeah, he was nice.
what company was it?defent.
yeah, you know we spoke for a little bit you need an exterminator?no, not really.
oh, don't tell me.
 cause he's black?gotta go.
george, george!hello, this is jerry seinfeld.
 is elaine there?hold on elaine, there's a jerry seinfeld on the phone for you.
hello?elaine, i need you to do me a big favor.
 i need you to go down to the diplomat's club and meet bridget for me.
 i'm going to be late.
that's at the airport, right?right, i don't want bridget to think i stood her up.
 i'll never get another date with her.
 she'll freak out.
all right, all right.
 you sound a little freaked out yourself.
i am a little freaked out!calm down, i'll take care of it.
 all right, but you have to go now.
i said i'll take care of it!kramer.
hey.
okay, here it is.
good.
 s my collateral.
so it's a mailbag, so what?so what? do you know whose mailbag that is? david berkowitz.
son of sam.
 the worst mass murderer the post office ever produced.
where did you get this?i took over his route.
 and boy, were there a lot of dogs on that route.
any of em talk to you?just to tell me to keep off the snacks! s a helluva guy.
yeah, don't i know it.
okay, cosmo, we're back in business.
 let's check out the board.
 now, who do you like?all right, how bout ithaca vs.
 boston?all right, i'll give you a sportin chance.
 i'll take ithaca.
double or nothin'.
double or nothin'.
i hope you know what you're doing  where are we?i'm not sure.
is this even a road?oh we lost the road a half hour ago.
what? why didn't you wake me up?you told me not to bother you with minor details.
no, road is a major detail!okay, now i know.
 should i keep going or turn around, do you have a preference? look out!may i help you?i'm the exterminator.
oh, yes of course, come in.
why didn't you want me to bring my equipment or wear my uniform?yes, well, if the other people in the office saw that i called an exterminator, they would just panic.
 besides, this is sort of a friendly visit.
 carl, right?do i know you?yeah, sure, we met at jerry seinfeld's apartment.
 when you fumigated for fleas over there.
seinfeld oh yeah, funny white guy, right?jerry? yes, i suppose he is white.
 you know, i never really thought about it.
 i don't see people in terms of color.
 you know, there's someone i'd like you to meet.
 hand on is mr.
 morgan in?mr.
 morgan left for dinner.
he left huh carl, you hungry?here's a new twist on car pooling: early this morning, a lost manhattanite drove through a residential backyard and wound up in a swimming pool near ithaca, new york.
 comedian jerry seinfeld, a passenger, seemed a little freaked out.
that's it! no more questions! i don't care!that's him! that's the man who gave me the pills in the drug store! he's no pharmacist.
jerry seinfeld i know that name.
 he called here earlier for elaine.
  s mr.
 morgan.
 mr.
 morgan, i want you to meet a dear old friend of mine, carl.
i'm the exterminator.
 that's what we used to call him in high school, the exterminator.
 he's a linebacker.
 oh, did we have some wild times.
well, that newman was your good luck charm.
yeah, he was.
i should have quitted at double or nothin'.
 travelers checks acceptable?oh i accept.
 yeah he worked in the cubicle right next to me.
 we once double dated.
yeah, it's a pleasure doin business with a gentleman like yourself.
 kramer.
oh hi elaine.
 what are you doing here?jerry asked me to meet his girlfriend here.
 did you here about his plane in ithaca?what about the plane in ithaca?oh, our stupid friend freaked out the pilot.
 single handedly delayed the plane a whole hour.
 can you believe that?boy your friend caused the delay?uh huh.
you're a cheat! nobody hustles earl hafler.
c'mon!see you around, cosmo.
what?poison you? jerry seinfeld tried to poison you? wha? mr.
 pitt, what are you, delirious? he's never even met you!you're fired, elaine.
 goodbye.
goodbye? bridget!jerry, what happened?oh, i'm so sorry.
 i got stuck out of town.
 i missed our whole time together.
well, my plane doesn't leave for another half hour.
really? s the pilot!i love this place.
 you know, carl and i come here all the time.
is that right?yeah, i come here all the time.
 you wouldn't believe the rat problems in the kitchen.
 check, please.
hey, sugar ray leonard can eat here on the house.
mr.
 morgan! did you hear that? mr.
 morgan!take toilet paper for example.
 do you realize that toilet paper has not changed in my lifetime? it's just paper on a cardboard roll, that's it.
 and in ten thousand years, it will still be exactly the same because really, what else can they do?that's true.
 there really has been no development in toilet paper.
and everything else has changed.
 but toilet paper is exactly the same, and will be so until we're dead.
yeah, you're right george.
 what else can they do?it's just paper on a roll, that's it.
 and that's all it will ever be.
wow.
you find this interesting, don't you?yes.
 yes, i do.
 oh, thanks very much, the soup was really good.
what are you telling him for?what?he's the busboy, you think he cares about the soup?yeah, why? wouldn't he want the soup to be good?elaine, it's all this guy can do to keep from killing himself.
 you think he's back there, talking to the chef, going, hey, they like the soup! keep it up!'?hey, isn't that alec berg?yep, alec berg.
 he's got a good john houseman name.
 alec beeerg.
 mr.
 beeerg.
i can't stand him, he is so pretentious.
john houseman?no, alec berg.
 elaine!hi!hi, how are you? jerry.
hi, alec.
did you hear about gary fogel?yeah.
you gonna go to the funeral on friday?yeah, hey did i see you on tv at the ranger game? were those your seats right behind the glass?those are them, yeah.
 season tickets.
 uh, you know, unfortunately i can't go tonight, so they're available if you'd like to use them.
oh, i'd love to, are you sure?absolutely, you just call my secretary, she'll arrange everything.
gee thanks! thanks a lot!it's my pleasure.
 be good.
 ll let you know.
alright, thanks again.
thank you very much.
really, thank you.
well what about these nitwits that get on a plane with nothing to read? you know who these people are?who?these are the people that want to talk to you.
 they got nothing else to do, why not disturb you?i will never understand people.
they're the worst.
something's up, there's something in the air.
well, what is with you?well, i think this is it.
what's it?i saw siena again.
siena?yeah, he's dating a crayon.
we discussed toilet paper.
toilet paper?yeah, i told her how toilet paper hasn't changed in my lifetime, and probably wouldn't change in the next fifty thousand years and she was fascinated, fascinated!what are you talking about?yeah.
toilet paper's changed.
yeah.
it's softer.
softer.
more sheets per rollsheets.
comes in a wide variety of colors.
colors.
ok, ok, fine! it's changed, it's not really the point.
 anyway, i'm thinking of making a big move.
what?i might tell her that i love her.
 i came this close last night, then i just chickened out.
well, that's a big move, georgie boy.
 are you confident in the i love you return?fifty-fifty.
cause if you don't get that return, that's a pretty big matzoh ball hanging out there.
aw, i've just got to say it once, everybody else gets to say it, why can't i say it?what, you never said it?once, to a dog.
 he licked himself and left the room.
well, so it wasn't a total loss.
hey.
hey, i forgot to tell you! i got tickets to the rangers-devils playoff game tonight!oh, i'm there, monongahela!what about you, george?eh eh eh, can't do it, can't do it, sorry, i got a date.
so, so.
oh no no no, if you must know, i would rather be with her than go to the game.
she must be a very special lady, huh george, yeah.
well, what do i do with the extra ticket?oh hey, can i bring david puddy? he's a big devils fan.
sure, fine with me.
hey, by the way, if anybody wants an inside tour of the zoo, siena works there as a trainer.
so she works at the zoo?yeah, yeah.
yeah, like diane fosse.
 you know she's the only person that's ever been accepted into gorilla society.
 and you know, once those gorillas accept you, you got it made in the shade.
so how long have you been a devils fan? m from jersey.
yeah? well, we're gonna kick your butts tonight.
hey, no way, man.
yes.
we're primed.
alright, you almost ready? cause jerry and kramer are gonna be here any second.
what the--so what do you think?what is that?i painted my face.
 you painted your face?yeah.
why?you know, support the team.
well, you can't walk around like that.
why not?because it's insane?hey, you gotta let them know you're out there, this is the playoffs.
hey.
hey.
dave, um, painted his face.
yeah, that's cool.
 well, you gotta support your team.
ok, ready to go?yeah.
 s go devils!!you're dead, messier! we're gonna get you, messier!hey man, i'm just trying to support the team.
will you sit down? you're disturbing everybody.
 sit down!oh yeah, because you're a ranger fan and you know i'm messing with their heads.
go devils!!devils goal! stephan richer scores from just inside the blue line! and the devils take-- you know, i could have actually gone to that.
so why didn't you?well, i didn't want to break our date.
oh, well.
because i i love you.
you know, i'm hungry.
 let's get something to eat.
ha ha! we took it to you! you couldn't get it out of your zone all night.
 we were aggressive, we didn't let you penetrate!alright, that's enough out of you, there's still three more games left in this series, my friend, and it's far from being over.
 very far from being over.
 watch out! re the devils! the devils!! haaaa!!!el diablo! dios mio! el diablo!!'i'm hungry.
 let's get something to eat.
'yup.
big matzoh ball.
huge matzoh ball.
those damn i love you returns.
well, it's all over.
 i slipped up.
oh, you don't know.
you have any idea how fast these things deteriorate when there's an i love you out of the bag? you can't have a relationship where one person says, i love you', and the other says, i'm hungry.
 let's get something to eat.
'.
unless you're married.
i mean, now she thinks that i'm one of these guys that love her.
 nobody wants to be with somebody that loves them.
no, people hate that.
you want to be with somebody that doesn't like you.
ideally.
i am never saying i love you again unless they say it first.
matzoh ball soup?that'd be me.
hey, jerry? you're a smart guy, right?no question about it.
alright, you know i'm supposed to go on this special tour today with george's girlfriend.
at the zoo?yeah, but before i met up with her, i stopped to look at the monkeys, when all of a sudden i am hit in the face with a banana peel.
 i turn and look and there is this monkey really laughing it up.
 then someone tells me that he did it.
 well, i pick up the banana peel and i wait for that monkey to turn around.
 and then i let him have it.
kramer, you threw a banana peel at a monkey?well, he started it!it's a monkey, kramer!well, he pushed my buttons, i couldn't help it, jerry.
well, i still think it's wrong.
alright, alright, fine.
 you take the monkey's side, alright, go ahead.
i'm not taking anyone's side.
 did you call alec berg and thank him for the hockey tickets?no.
oh, jerry, what are you waiting for?what do i gotta call him for? i thanked him five times when he gave them to me, how many time i gotta thank him?oh, no no no, you gotta call him the next day, it's common courtesy.
no, i don't believe in it.
 i'm taking a stand against all this over thanking.
jerry, good manners are the glue of society.
hey, if i knew i had to give him eight million thank you's, i wouldn't have taken the tickets in the first place.
alright, you know what this is gonna do? he's gonna be upset because you didn't call him and we're not gonna get those tickets for friday night.
ah, you're out of your mind.
alright, where you going?i gotta get a suit cleaned, i have a funeral on friday.
who died?remember the guy who pretended he had cancer so o would buy him the toupee?so he actually had it?no, car accident.
 he was trying to adjust his toupee while he was driving and he lost control of the car.
that poor priest.
 he was just visiting from el salvador.
 now he's gone completely loco.
the one puddy screamed at in the car?yeah.
 he thinks he saw the devil.
 he won't leave his room in the church basement.
well, that's what you get for getting mixed up with a face painter.
i mean, what compels a seemingly normal human being to do something like that?gotta support the team.
you know i really hate my clothes.
hm.
i open up my closet, there's just nothing.
hm.
nothing.
 i hate everything i have, i really hate it.
 s it.
hm.
it's getting to be a terrible problem for me.
 hey, alec!did you see that? what kind of a hello was that?ah, mr.
 kramer?yes.
thanks for coming.
so, uh, what did you want to see me about?well, mr.
 kramer, to get right to it, we're having a bit of a problem with barry.
barry?the chimpanzee.
oh.
 well, uh, what's the problem?well, he's not functioning the way he normally does.
 he seems depressed.
 he's lost his appetite.
 he's even curtailed his autoerotic activities.
 and we think this is directly related to the altercation he had with you the other day.
so, so what do you want me to do?well, frankly we'd like you to apologize.
yeah, well he started it.
mr.
 kramer, he is an innocent primate.
so am i.
 what about my feelings? don't my feelings count for anything? oh, only the poor monkey's important.
 everything has to be done for the monkey! look, i'm sorry.
 i--hey, that's ok.
 well, i've gotta go feed the marmosets.
 you know george really likes you.
she doesn't hear too well out of her left ear.
oh.
i mean, do you think it's possible that he's mad at me because he didn't get the day-after thank you'?wait a minute, you were at a funeral, right?yeah.
well, people never give a good hello at a funeral.
 i mean, they go like this s the biggest.
yeah, yeah, that's kinda what he gave me.
hey, they can't go, hey! you look fabulous!'hey.
hey.
 well, i just spoke to your girlfriend.
girlfriend, yeah, right.
anyway, she asked me to apologize to barry.
barry?the monkey.
well?nothing doing.
 jerry, i didn't do anything.
 it's the monkey that should be apologizing to me.
well, i don't think that's gonna happen.
well, i'm sorry.
 well, george, i tried to put the good word in for you with siena, but i don't think she heard me.
 you know, left ear?what?yeah, her boss told me that she can't hear very well out of her left ear.
 what, you didn't know that?oh my god.
what?she probably never heard it.
 don't you see what this means? it's like the whole thing never happened.
 it's like when superman reversed the rotation of the earth to save lois lane!are you gonna say it again?that's the question, jimmy.
i'm gonna do it.
what? after what you just went through, i thought you said you'd never say it again.
i'd like to say it once to someone that can actually hear it!what's going on?he's gonna talk into her other ear.
oh.
 well listen, i almost forgot to ask you.
 what happened at the funeral? now, did you talk to alec berg?yeah, i saw him.
alright, so he's gonna give you the hockey tickets, huh?well, not exactly.
he's mad, isn't he? see, i knew it.
i don't know if he's mad.
alright, so what happened when you saw him?well, i didn't really get a good hello', but see, i was at a funeral.
uh huh.
see, so i don't know if i got a funeral hello or he was mad because he didn't get his day-after thank you'.
see, i told you, jerry, i told you!look, what do you want me to do?i want you to get on this phone and give him his thank you'!no.
 no, i can't!jerry, this is the way society functions.
 aren't you a part of society? because if you don't want to be a part of society, jerry, why don't you just get in your car and move to the east side!look, we got five hours before the game.
 i am betting it was a funeral hello'.
 he knows we're here, he knows the number, he knows we want to go.
 there's plenty of time for him to call and give us the tickets.
you stubborn, stupid, silly man!hey, great dip.
 you made this?no, it's from the store.
oh.
 hey, how come people don't have dip for dinner? why is it only a snack, why can't it be a meal, you know? i don't understand stuff like that.
david? david, i think we aught to talk.
alright, that's cool.
david, i don't think we should see each other anymore.
you gotta be kidding, how come?well, you see, david, you're a face painter.
yeah, that's right.
well, it's not that i don't like you, but, well to be perfectly honest, i'm just having some trouble getting past the face painting.
well, alright, so you don't like the face painting, i just won't paint it anymore.
yeah, but you like the face painting.
well, i don't need to do it.
 it's not like a habit or anything.
oh.
 you mean you'd stop it for me?yeah, that's right.
that's so, that's so sweet.
ah, c'mere.
 ll make out.
siena, i love you.
yeah, i know.
 i heard you the first time.
yeah.
 just confirming.
hello? oh, hi mom.
 no, listen, i was expecting somebody else.
 i'm sorry, i can't talk now, i gotta keep the line clear, i'll call you later.
 yes, i know i have call waiting but i don't trust it in an emergency.
 good bye.
anyway, i um, i just want to say that i'm sorry.
 i lost my temper and i probably shouldn't have.
 i took it out on you and, look, if i've caused you any problems as a result of my behavior, well then, i'm sorry.
 i apologize.
 even though, barry, between me and you, we both know that you started it.
 i mean, who's kidding who? but they tell me that you're very upset, and god forbid i should disturb the very important monkey, i'm just hoping we can put this behind us, let's just move on with our lives, ok? so no hard feelings?what is that?that's the letter d'.
why is the letter d painted on your chest?well, i'm going to the game tonight, and me and these five other guys are gonna take our shirts off and spell out devils'.
but you said no more painting.
no, i said no more face painting, and as you can see this is not my face.
yeah, that's right.
well? did he call?no.
oh, come on, jerry! come on, this is stupid! it's six o'clock! it's all over, just pick up the phone and thank him!alright! name.
 alec berg.
 did you hand in your assignment, mr.
 berg?what can i do for you, jerry?well, alec, the reason i called is i just wanted to thank you for the tickets from the other night.
i wish you'd called me earlier, i could have given you my tickets for tonight.
oh, you already gave them away?yeah, but you know what? i have a friend, he's got a couple of seats.
 if you don't mind the nose bleed section, they're yours.
no, we don't care, we just want to go.
there is one little catch, though.
hey, great game, huh?father hernandez?huh?una senora que te vino a ver.
 ella dice que tiene informacion muy importante, y que te puede ayudar.
 bueno.
al fini finalmente par&oacute; el llover.
 aha, bueno.
hello father.
oh.
 la madonna! madre de christo! yo estoy lista!what did you do?mousse.
 i moussed up.
i guess it was just a matter of time.
you know, i should've done this years ago.
 i mean, i feel like i've had two lives.
 my pre-mousse.
 and now, i begin my post-mousse.
 hey, tell me the truth, have you ever seen a better looking guy?well, looks are so subjective.
i don't mean to interrupt or anything, but on sunday, my friend is having a brunch for the new york marathon.
 oh, i keep forgetting to enter that!she lives right above first avenue, says she has a perfect view of the race.
 and she said i can invite some friends.
maybe.
 m not going up there.
 harold and manny.
i'm not going.
boys, boys.
oh, jerry.
i slid the rent under your door, harold.
 did you get it?yeah, yeah hey, jerry, would you like anything from mrs.
 hudwalker's apartment? t give him anything from there!i was only joking.
 s things.
 you offered them to him.
 d be rotting up there for a month.
she died? mrs.
 hudwalker died?ninety-four years old.
 i found her yesterday.
 she didn't have her wig on.
 it was horrifying.
 harold, come on, hurry up! m talking! so, jerry, you know anyone who needs an apartment?are you kidding? you know my friend elaine?oh yeah, i like her.
 she always says hello to me.
it's not promised to anybody? cause she'd take it in a second.
well, manny wanted it for his brother, but he got deported.
 what do you mean deported? it was a misunderstanding with the department of immigration.
what's the difference? it's true!so, it's okay? i could just tell her she can have it?sure, sure.
 she's getting a bargain, too.
 it's only four hundred dollars a month.
 four hundred dollars? what are you nuts? someone will pay more.
okay okay!hey, harold, what do you think?manny, look.
 kramer put mousse in his hair.
 it looks worse.
 hey, thanks.
what was that all about? oh, nothing important.
what's going on? what is that look?what look? nothing.
something's going on here.
i don't know if you should sit for this or not.
 sitting is good if you faint, but standing is good for jumping up and down.
 i can't decide.
jumping up and down? what are you talking about? c'mon.
 cough it up.
oh, elaine.
 you know the way i am rarely ever thinking of myself.
 my only concern is the welfare and happiness of those close to me.
 sure, it hurts sometimes to give, and give, and give would you please?what would you say if i told you that told me what?! i got you an apartment in this building.
 no.
yes.
no.
yes.
you didn't.
i did.
you got me an apartment in the building?!i got you an apartment in the building.
how did you remember mrs.
 hudwalker? the ninety-four-year-old woman who lived above me?no.
she died.
 she died?!she died.
she died!and the rent is only four hundred dollars a month!get out!four hundred a month? only four hundred a month?!four hundred a month.
and i'll be right upstairs?right upstairs.
right above you?right above me.
oh, we're neighbors.
 i'll be here all the time!all the time.
 we can exchange keys so we can come in and out.
 oh, this is going to be great!all the time.
the problem with talking is that nobody stops you from saying the wrong thing.
 i think life would be a lot better if it was like you're always making a movie.
 you mess up, somebody just walks on the set, and stops the whole shot.
 you know what i mean? think of the things you wish you could take back.
 you're out somewhere with people, gee, you look pregnant are you? 'cut, cut, cut, cut, cut, that's not gonna work at all.
 walk out the door, and come back in.
 let's take this whole scene again.
 people, think about what you're saying!'thanks, see you later, donna.
what happened to you?you can't believe what i just did.
what? what did you do?i could tell you what i did, but you wouldn't believe it.
 it's not believable.
what did you do?how could i have done that?done what?i told elaine about an apartment opening up in my building.
 she's going to move in.
elaine's moving into your building?yes.
 right above me.
right above you?yeah.
you're gonna be neighbors.
i know.
 neighbors.
she's right above you?right above me.
how could you do that?'cause i'm an idiot! you may think you're an idiot, but with all due respect, i'm a much bigger idiot than you are.
don't insult me, my friend.
 remember who you're talking to.
 no one's a bigger idiot than me.
did you ever ask an ex-girlfriend to move into your building?did you ever go to a singles weekend in the pocono's?she's right in my building! right above me! every time i come in the building, i'm gonna have to sneak around like a cat burglar.
you're doomed.
 you're gonna have to have all your sex at women's apartments.
 it'll be like a permanent road trip.
 forget about the home bed advantage.
but i need the home bed advantage.
of course.
 we all do.
come in for two minutes and sit with me.
i was just in there.
 it's embarrassing.
oh, who's gonna know?they saw me walk out.
two minutes.
my censoring system broke down.
 you know that little guy in your head who watches everything you say? makes sure you don't make a mistake? he went for a cup of coffee.
 and in that second ruined my life.
my censor quit two years ago.
 he checked into a clinic.
 emotionally exhausted.
so, is there any way out of this elaine thing?tough.
you know, the water pressure's terrible in my building.
 and she loves a good shower.
i never heard of anyone would turned down an apartment because of a weak shower spray.
if they were fanatic about showers, they might.
for that rent, she'd take a bath in the toilet tank if she had to.
look at that woman feeding her baby greasy, disgusting, coffee shop corned beef hash.
 isn't that child abuse?i'd like to have a kid.
 of course, you have to have a date first remember my friend, adam, from detroit?yeah, the guy with the flat head.
he's a cube.
 anyway, he got married six months ago.
 he told me ever since he's been wearing a wedding band, women have been coming on to him everywhere he goes.
yeah, i've heard that about wedding bands.
i wonder if that's really true.
that would be an interesting sociological experiment.
 you know, kramer has his father's band.
 he'd loan it to you.
thanks a lot.
 i'll give it back to you in a week.
you know, i don't even know why you're fooling around with this ring.
 i've been telling you, get yourself some plugs.
 or a piece.
i'm not doing that.
oh, man.
 you know, you're crazy.
 you're a good looking guy.
 what do you want to walk around like that for?no, i'll put half a can of mousse in my head like you.
i told you i don't like these sponges, they're too small! i want a big sponge!you can't pick up anything with these! there's no absorption!boys, boys.
hi, jerry.
hello, jerry.
 you tell him.
okay you tell him.
your friend can't have the apartment, jerry.
what?because somebody offered manny five thousand dollars for the apartment.
 i don't want to do it.
 manny wants to do it.
 s my fault?because it's true! why shouldn't i tell him?hey, hey.
 i understand.
 you're businessmen.
 tell him that if his friend can come up with the same money then she can have the apartment.
oh, now, he says that if your friend has five thousand dollars, we'll give it to her.
well, that's a lot of money.
 but, if that's the way it's gotta be, that's the way it's gotta be.
you know, i used to think that the universe is a random, chaotic sequence of meaningless events, but i see now that there is reason and purpose to all things.
what happened to you?religion, my friend, that's what happened to me.
 because, i have just been informed that it's going to cost elaine the sum of five thousand dollars to get the apartment upstairs.
 t have five thousand dollars!of course she doesn't have five thousand dollars!so, she can't get the apartment.
can't get it.
so, she doesn't move in.
no move.
 so, you see, it's all part of a divine plan.
and how does the baldness fit into that plan? elaine?yeah.
 re going to really see me being a phony, now.
 i hope you can take this.
 maybe you should go in the other room.
are you kidding? i lie every second of the day.
 my whole life is a sham!'cause you know, i love elaine.
of course you do.
but you know not in the building.
 really, i feel terrible about this.
 my intentions were good.
 what can i do? tell me.
 s great to be alive? that every breath is a gift of sweet life from above?oh, and before i forget, i have the checks for the first month, last month's security deposit.
 i have seventy-five dollars left in my account.
well there's a little bit of a problem.
oh, i know.
 there's a weak shower spray, i know.
 i've already thought about it, and i'm switching to baths.
 as winston churchill said, why stand when you can sit? maybe i'll get some rubber duckies.
uh, no uh, someone offered harold and manny five thousand for the apartment.
 i'm sure they'd just as soon give it to you, but you'd have to come up with that money.
five thousand dollars? i don't have five thousand dollars.
i know.
 how am i going to get five thousand dollars?i have no idea.
 hey, my new neighbor!i'm not moving in.
what?they want five thousand dollars now.
so, okay uh what's the problem?i don't have five thousand dollars.
c'mon, you can come up with five thousand dollars.
 t have five thousand dollars you can led her? come on.
yeah, well, i didn't- is that something you want to borrow?no, that's too much money to borrow.
loan her the money.
 you can afford it.
she doesn't wanna borrow the money.
oh, c'mon.
 she'll pay you back.
 what's five grand between friends?of course i'd pay you back yeah, so what's the problem?who said there's a problem?hey see he said he'd loan you the money.
well jerry, it might take a while for me to pay you back.
 maybe a few years.
 how do you feel about that?that's okay.
 he doesn't care.
well, you know, money can sometimes come between friends.
get outta here.
let me think about it.
what's to think about?i don't know i don't know.
 five thousand let me just take one more look at it.
 you didn't want her in the building?no, i didn't!well, then what did you loan her the five thousand for? oh, look, maybe she won't take it.
 i mean, she did say that she was gonna think about it.
people don't turn down money.
 it's what separates us from the animals.
i still don't understand what the problem is having her in the building.
let me explain something to you.
 you see, you're not normal.
 you're a great guy, i love you, but you're a pod.
 i, on the other hand, am a human being.
 i sometimes feel awkward, uncomfortable, even inhibited in certain situations with the other human beings.
 you wouldn't understand.
because i'm a pod?i'll take it!hi, elaine.
oh, hi, roxanne.
 nice to be here.
 these are my friends.
 this is george, and this is jerry.
hijerry's the one who got me my new apartment.
so, you're elaine's hero.
yes, it's my life's work.
there are so few true heroes left in this world.
yeah, my wife couldn't make it today.
 she's got something with her mother who knows what's going on with her.
 don't let any one kid you, it's tough.
well, better load up on some carbos before the race.
oh, the marathon is great, isn't it?oh, yes.
 particularly if you're not in it.
i wish we had a view of the finish line.
what's to see? a woman from norway, a guy from kenya, and twenty thousand losers.
 yeah, my wife started getting on me about the lawn today.
 i'm tellin you, it's one thing after another.
is she here?uh no no, she's working.
what does she do?she's an etymologist.
 you know, bees, flies, gnats.
 w-what about you?i work for the director of madison square garden.
 it's great! i can get free tickets to any sporting in new york.
 anyway, she's a very luck woman.
 enjoy the race.
 but hi stan.
 joanne.
jerry, this is joanne, and this is stan.
 they're in my short story class with roxanne and me.
hi how are ya?hey, jerry just got me a great apartment in his building!well, jerry, it'll be nice having a close friend nearby.
 fantastic.
she can pop in whenever she wants.
i know.
she doesn't even need to knock!it's tremendous.
anytime of day.
i'm in heaven.
oh, rita come here.
 this is jerry.
 he's the one who got me the apartment.
oh, hi.
 bob, this is the guy who got elaine the apartment.
i'm sorry, i don't see the big deal about being a matador.
 the bull charges, you move the cape, what's so hard?so uh, are you really married? because, i've actually heard of single guys who wear wedding bands to attract women.
 d have to be a real loser to try something like that.
that's too bad, because i really have a thing for bald guys with glasses.
hey everybody! here come the runners! so you and roxanne are hitting it off, huh?oh, i wouldn't quite say that.
really? from a distance, you seemed to be coming on to her.
i'm a guy it always looks like that.
because, i was thinking are you at all concerned that living in the same building will, y'know cramp our styles?nah because, i was worried that there might be a situation in which one of us come home with somebody, it could get a little uncomfortable.
 but, as long as you're okay with it, it's fine with me.
i've never been able to be with just one person.
 i can, however, carry on strictly physical relationships which can last for years and years.
 it's a shame you're married.
umm, i'm not.
 it's just a sociological experiment!please you have no idea what an idiot is.
 elaine just gave me a chance to get out and i didn't take it.
 this is an idiot.
is that right? i just threw away a lifetime of guilt-free sex, and floor seats for ever sporting event in madison square garden.
 so please, a little respect.
 for i am costanza: lord of the idiots! re all winners!but suddenly, a new contender has emerged george, i didn't sleep at all last night.
 i decided i have to tell her.
 i'm just going to be honest.
 that's all yes, i'm nervous are you listening to me? just put some soap on your finger.
 it'll slide right off then try axle grease ll call you back after i talk to her bye.
well, it's all taken care of.
 everything's cool.
what? what's cool?elaine.
what are you talking about?i just found a guy who's willing to pay ten thousand dollars for the apartment.
you what?! get out! ten thousand?cash.
who would pay that much?he's in the music business.
elaine would never borrow that much money! m golden!well, occasionally i like to help the humans.
wow.
 you're right.
 that is loud.
it's just unbelievable.
they rehearse all the time?all the time.
 i've been up there six times.
 they refuse to stop.
 i can't live like this.
 i don't know what i'm gonna do.
 i'm heading for breakdown! t you do something?i'm not going up.
 it stinks up there.
manny  clock!i'm not the one who said eleven o'clock.
 he makes up his own rules.
boy, too bad.
 if i was up there, you'd never hear a peep out of me.
 i'm as quiet as a mouse.
oh, i love the one they do right after this one! i don't know.
 what do you do when a neighbor is making, like, a lot of noise at three o'clock in the morning? i mean, can you knock on someone's door and tell them to keep it down? you're really altering your whole self-image.
 i mean, what am i, fred mertz now? what's happening to me? can i do this? am i a shusher? i used to be a shushee.
 there's a lot of shushing going on in movie theaters.
 people are always shushing.
 shh shh shhh shhh doesn't work, cause nobody knows where a shush is coming from.
 they just hear a shh.
 was that a shush? i think somebody just shushed me.
 some people you can't shush in a movie theater.
 there's always that certain group of people, isn't it? they're talking and talking, and everyone around them is shushing them, and shushing them.
 they won't shush.
 they're the unshushables.
  t.
she calls me this morning and tells me she's upset i didn't console her.
 i mean it was beaches for god's sake.
 what, what do you do in a situation like that?where were you?i was sitting on the chair.
 she was over here on the couch.
well you know, if you were sitting right next to her you'd have to console her no matter what.
of course.
when you're talking about a movie like beaches', moving from the chair to the couch , .
 .
 .
 that's quite a voyage.
yeah,hey.
hey.
 i gotta go.
where you going?the improv is playing rochelle rochelle the musical.
really? what is bette midler playing? is she going to be there?she might be.
 she's the star of the show.
bette midler is going to be in the park today? yeeee.
 jerry, don't tease me.
i didn't know you were such a bette midler fan.
so maybe i'll go down there and watch, uh? she'll be there, ,maybe.
gennice palying today?yeah, maybe.
who's gennice?that's the understudy.
 i'm dating her.
oh, uh, is this uh, bette midler's understudy?yeah.
oh, understudies are a very shifty bunch.
 the substitute teachers of the theater world.
i'm glad she's an understudy.
 i don't have to avoid going back stage and having to think of something to say.
going backstage is the worst.
 especially when they stink.
 you know that's a real problem.
just once i would like to tell someone they stink.
 you know what? i doidn't like the show.
 i didn't like you.
 it just really stunk.
 the whole thing real bad.
 stinkaroo.
 thanks for the tickets though.
you late.
i know i know.
 i didn't have change for the bus and they don't give change in this city.
 so they threw me off the bus'that's a shame'.
 you'll have to wait for lotus now.
how long do you think this will take.
 i have a millllioooon things to do.
'mustn't keep the princess waiting.
 princess in a big hurry.
 'no change for bus 'poor princess.
'what?, uh?nothing, won't be long.
'princess wants a manicure.
''oh lucky me.
''oh, you got the princess.
'what is so funny? tell knock-knock joke.
the korean women were talking about me.
 i think they were calling me a dog.
how would you know? you don't speak korean.
because this woman came in with a dog and ruby called the dog the same word they used when they were pointing at me ge ge geyou know, maybe in korean dog isn't an insult.
 could be like the word fox to us.
 oh, she's a dog!why don't you go to another nail shop?because they're the best jerry, the best.
 look.
 maybe i'm just being paranoid.
what you need is a translator to go in the shop with you and tell you what they're saying.
yeah, who speaks korean?you know who speaks korean?no, who?george's father.
you gotta be kidding me.
 how does he speak korean?he used to go there a lot on business.
what did he do?he sold religious articles the statues of jesus, the virgin mary, that were manufactured in korea.
uh,george, does your father speak korean?yeah, he once bumped into reverend yung sun moon.
oh, hi gennice.
hi jerry.
this is george, this is kramer.
nice to meet you.
playing today?no.
 i'm on the bench today.
they really stick to that understudy rule.
so she's coming?oh, yeah, she'll be here.
 .
 .
 .
 it's okay it's just a hot dog, everything is going to be okay.
no it was really good.
look it's bette it's bette! ah, ah, ah, .
 .
 .
 bette, psst, hi.
hi.
uh, i just want to say i think you're wonderful.
uh, thank you.
yeah, i've seen you in everything you've done.
really?anything i can get you? water? they got ice over here.
what flavours do they have?chocolate, lemon, and uh, cherry.
how about pineapple?pineapple, sure, alright, i'll be right back.
oh, uh, uh.
 anyway, mr.
 costanza, what i want you to do is to come to the shop with me and tell me what they are saying.
 you do speak korean?i once talked to the reverend yung son moon.
 he bought two jesus statues from me.
 he's a hell of a nice guy.
uh, ha.
ever see that face on him? like a biiig apple pie.
yeah, yeah.
 uh, uh listen mr.
 costanza, if uh, if you do this for me i'll get you a manicure, i'll pay for it.
 or you can get a pedicure if you want.
no one is touching my feet.
 between you and me, elaine, i think i've got a foot odour problem.
i watched beaches on cable last night.
 give me a break.
get some talent then you can mouth off.
strike three.
what? are you blind?what?nothing, nothing.
i had an affair with a korean woman.
uh, mr.
 costanza, i no, i feel i need to unburden myself.
 i loved her very deeply.
 but the clash of cultures was too much.
 her family would not accept me.
mr.
 costanza, i, maybe it was because i refused to take off my shoes.
 again, the foot odour problem.
 her father would look at me and say, eno enoa juang .
 which means, this guy - this is not my kind of guy'.
move it in.
 move in everybody.
 get your shrimp here.
 shrimp on special today!come on george, just loosen up.
come on george.
i got the pineapple.
 : i got the pineapple.
 keep going.
aaaaaahsafe!come on it's just a game.
 the show will go on but not bette midler.
 while playing softball in the park ms.
 midler was injured when another player thoughtlessly rammed her at home plate.
 all captured on amateur video tape.
 she will be out for two weeks from her broadway show; rochelle rochelle - the musical.
.
 .
 .
 thank you.
 well we no, please.
 this is the first time in my life  s okay.
 everything is going to be all right.
come on jerry, open up.
 i know you're in there!come back another time.
so you're all in here together.
 how convenient.
 i hope you're all proud of yourselves.
so my dear you think you can get to broadway.
 well, let me tell you something.
 broadway has no room for people like you.
 not the broadway i know.
 my broadway takes people like you and eats them up and spits them out.
 my broadway is the broadway of merman, and martin, and fontaine, and if you think you can build yourself up by knocking other people down good luck hi everyone.
 um, this is my friend, frank.
what would you like today? manicure, pedicure?i'll take a manicure.
 i don't take my shoes off for anyone.
'that's the least of his problems.
'what was that?what'd they say? what'd they say?they made a derogatory comment about me.
'she's with a man twice her age.
 'he doesn't look like he's got much money either.
''check out that sweater'.
 'i think i saw a moth fly out of a pocket.
''what happened to his tail?'okay, that's it! oki on awa where's my tail? i heard every word you said.
 you got some nerve.
that voice? it sounds so familiar.
 it reminds me of when i was ayoung girl in korea and i met an american businessman.
 he was a very unusual man.
 quick temperd with a strange halting way of speaking.
 we fell in love but when i brought him home to meet my father? he refused to take his shoes off.
 and there was a terrible fight.
that man also refuses to take his shoes off.
 i never seen people treated like this!you brought in a spy! .
 .
 .
 get out!frank?kim? a turkey sandwich.
 a side of slaw, you want whit e meat or dark?white meat.
yeah, white meat.
 and if i see one piece of dark meat on there.
 it's your ass buster.
get me one of those black and white cookies.
yeah, all right, yeah .
 m going to get you one somewhere.
good.
 because if i don't get a black and white cookie i'm not going to be very pleasant to be around.
now that's impossible.
 m going.
that's the best way to get someplace you've never been.
yes, i suppose, have you been crying?yes, woman, this manicurist, oh no, that doesn't matter now.
 that's a very nice jacket.
uh, thanks.
very soft, huge button flaps, cargo pockets, draw string waist, deep biswing vents in the back perfect for jumping into a gondola.
how do you know all that?that's my coat.
you mean ?yes, i'm j.
 peterman.
oh!i don't know why i have to go to the hospital.
 i didn't do anything to bette midler.
 driver can you stop over here, we're picking somebody up.
hey, i didn't do anything.
 i was never informed.
 you can all go straight to hell .
 you see that? you see what i am going through?so what? somebody dropped an egg on my head as i went into my building last night.
hey, i'm being heckled on stage.
 people are yelling out galloogy.
i'm having a little trouble with all this.
 i mean all i ever wanted to do is sing.
 now i'm the focus of this big media frenzy.
 nobody in the show will even talk to me.
stop your crying will ya?what?you heard him.
oh, don't you you're the reason this whole thing happened.
oh, yeah.
 i read what you said to the papers yesterday.
 you weren't in on the planing.
 what planning? you think we planed this? uh?wait.
 wait.
 i know you.
 you knocked bette midler out of rochelle rochelle the musical.
 i want you creeps out of my cab.
hey, i had nothing to do with it.
get out of my cab.
 you should go to prison.
 you should be in prison for the rest of your life.
 get out, each of you.
 each and every one of you get out of my cab.
then in the distance i heard the bulls.
 i began running as fast as i could.
 fortunately i was wearing my italian captoe oxfords.
 sophisticated yet different; nothing to make a huge fuss about.
 rich dark brown calfskin leather.
 matching leather vent.
 men's whole and half sizes through .
 price $ .
 .
oh, that's not too expensive.
that shirt.
 where did you get it?oh, this innocent looking shirt has something which isn't innocent at all.
 touchability! heavy, silky italian cotton, with a fine almost terrycloth like feeling.
 five button placket, relaxed fit, innocence and mayhem at once.
that's not bad!oh, frank.
 so many years.
 if only you had taken your shoes off.
i couldn't because i had a potential foot problem.
i thought maybe you had a hole in your socks.
i wiped them for two minutes on the mat.
 i don't know why your father had to make a federal case out of it.
anyway that is all in the past.
 we have our whole future ahead of us.
between you and me i think your country is placing a lot of importance on shoe removal.
you short stop me? we don't do that in korea! take me home.
 inever want to see you again.
hi, here.
 i made this for your.
  what is it?it's macaroni midler.
macaroni midler?yeah, see how you're singing? yeah ha ha.
 well you made a long journey from milan to minsk.
oh, what's that from?oh, that's one of the songs from my show.
 bette sings:oh you are so freaking talented.
oh, so look who's here.
 what do you want.
we just want to talk to her.
 we want to apologize and tell her the whole thing was an accident.
no, no.
 i'm sorry it's out of the question.
what?bette is recuperating right now and i'm not going to allow anything to disturb her.
who are you to decide?i'm calling the shots around here so there won't be anymore accidents!hey, look, kramer, ah! i don't want her disturbed.
hello, elaine.
hellowe're so excited.
you're welcome.
we'll see you inside.
what happened?well i felt bad about the spying, so you know, ,i got them tickets to the show.
oh,, that's nice.
 alright, i'll see you later.
wait, wait.
 i didn't get to tell you about my new job.
where?writing for the j.
 peterman catalogue.
 how did you get that?i met him.
you met j.
 peterman?yeah.
what is he like?he wore a classic courtman's duster.
 beige corduroy collar, % cotton canvas, high waist, nine pockets, six on the outside, great for running along side a train, s sizes  .
.
 .
 .
 small, medium, large, xl, double well, break a leg tonight.
i'm really nervous.
here you got a telegram.
 well, look who's here.
listen buddy,what are you going to do? break my legs? you don't scare me.
 you or your goons.
how do you like this?what is it?my grandmother died.
oh, i'm so sorry.
oh, it's okay,so you don't cry when your grandmother dies? but a hotdog makes you lose control? places everyone.
i gotta go.
good luck.
ladies and gentlemen for this evening's performance the part of rochelle will be played by gennice grant.
gennice glant?what happened to bette midler?oh, she got hurt.
no bette midler? i, uh, wait,  please.
 .
 .
 .
well, you got no place to go.
 i'll tell you what your problem is: you brought your queen out too fast.
 what do you think? she's one of these feminists looking to get out of the house? no, the queen is old fashioned.
 .
 likes to stay home.
 cook.
 take care of her man.
 make sure he feels good.
checkmate.
i don't think we should see each other any more.
shut up! shut up! you stupid mutt.
and you broke up with her cuz she beat you at chess? that's pretty sick.
i don't see how i could perform sexually in a situation after something like that.
 i was completely emasculated.
 anyway, it's not the only reason.
yeah, what else?all right.
 you wanna know what one of her favorite expressions is? happy, pappy?happy, pappy? what does that mean?like if she wants to know if i'm pleased with something, she'll say, happy, pappy?'oh, you're pappy'.
i'm pappy'.
oh, i get it.
 why don't you just say it?oh, come on.
 what, are you kidding? george: i'm much more comfortable criticizing people behind there backs.
 anyway, look who's talking.
 you just broke up with with melanie last week because she shuushed you while you were watching tv.
hey, i got a real thing about shushing'!what is this? did you ever get the feeling like you've had a haircut but you didn't have one? i'm all itchy back here.
ahh.
what?what is this? what are we doing? what in god's name are we doing?what?our lives!! .
 what kind of lives are these? we're like children.
 we're not men.
no, we're not.
 we're not men.
we come up with all these stupid reasons to break up with these women.
i know.
 i know.
 that's what i do.
 that's what i do.
are we going to be sitting here when we're sixty like two idiots?.
 we should be having dinner with our sons when we're sixty.
we're pathetic you know that?yeah, like i don't know that i'm pathetic.
why can't i be normal?yes.
 me, too.
 i wanna be normal.
 normal.
it would be nice to care about someone.
yes.
 yes.
 care.
 you know who i think about a lot? remember susan: ? the one that used to work for nbc?hmm.
 i thought she became a lesbian.
no.
 it didn't take.
oh.
did i tell you i ran into her last week? ho-ho, she looked great.
hmm.
you thought she was good looking, right?see, there you go again.
 what is the difference what i think?i was just curious.
well, this is it.
 i'm really gonna do something about my life, you know? you know, i think i'm gonna call melanie again.
 so what if she shushed me.
 george:, i am really gonna make some changes.
yes.
 changes.
i'm serious about it.
think i'm not?i'm not kidding.
me, too.
melanie, you can shush me at every opportunity.
 ? ? oh, it was just an expression.
 all right, well, that's very sweet of you.
 okay, i'll call you later.
 all right, bye.
 hey!what?i had a very interesting lunch with george: costanza today.
really?we were talking about our lives and we both kind of realized we're kids.
 we're not men.
so, then you asked yourselves, isn't there something more to life?'yes.
 we did.
yeah, well, let me clue you in on something.
 there isn't.
there isn't?absolutely not.
 i mean, what are you thinking about, jerry:? marriage? family?well they're prisons.
 man made prisons.
 you're doing time.
 you get up in the morning.
 she's there.
 you go to sleep at night.
 she's there.
 it's like you gotta ask permission to use the bathroom.
 is it all right if i use the bathroom now?really?yeah, and you can forget about watching tv while you're eating.
i can?oh, yeah.
 you know why? because it's dinner time.
 and you know what you do at dinner?what?you talk about your day.
 how was your day today? did you have a good day today or a bad day today? well, what kind of day was it? well, i don't know.
 how about you? how was your day?boy.
it's sad , jerry.
 it's a sad state of affairs i'm glad we had this talk.
oh, you have no idea.
la-la-la hey.
hey.
three hours of sleep again last night three hours of sleep because of that dog.
what dog?yeah.
 what dog?this dog in the courtyard across from my bedroom window that never never stops barking don't i lost my voice screaming at this thing.
 i can't sleep.
 i can't work.
 i mean, i just moved.
 i can't move again.
 what am i gonna do? what? what am i gonna do?well, there is something you can do.
what? kramer:, i'll do anything.
well, what if there should be an unfortunate accident?you're going to rub out the dog?no, no.
 not me.
 i just happen to know someone who specializes in exactely these kinds of sticky situations.
uh-huh.
what, you're considering this?look, just meet with him.
 ?????.
i don't really know why i'm here.
 kramer talked me into coming up here.
 but, obviously, i could never really do anything.
of course.
 obviously.
uh, so, anyway, i'm sorry for wasting your time.
what kind of dog did you say it was?um, i don't know.
 i've never really seen it.
i see many dogs on my mail route.
 i'll bet there's not one type of mutt or mongrel i haven't run across.
if you ask me, they have no business living amongst us.
 vile, useless beasts .
 .
 .
newman: ! stop it!!anyway.
yeah.
 well um, i was just curious if i were interested in availing myself of your services, um, what exactly would you do?well, elaine:, there's any number of things i could do.
 but, i can promise you this, though, this vicious beast will never bother you again.
 so, what's it going to be?no, i'm sorry.
 i can't hurt a dog.
 i can't hurt a dog.
 i can't.
i got it.
 we'll kidnap him .
 and we'll drop him off upstate and this way he won't bother you anymore and he won't get hurt.
yeah, i suppose.
huh?i'd have to think about it.
 i doubt it, though.
 i doubt it.
 i'll let you know.
of course.
 take your time.
 i be here.
is still at the pier.
 his thoughts shift somewhat.
]la-la-la-la-la-la-la! [flashbacks to susan]all right.
 let's do it.
excellent.
 excellent.
how come you're eating your peas one at a time?i'm sorry.
who is it?it's george:.
george:? george:, what is it?will you marry me?ma, guess what!oh, my god!no, it's nothing bad.
 i'm getting married.
you're what?i'm getting married?oh, my god! you're getting married?yes!oh, i can't believe it.
 frank:, come here.
you come here.
georgie's getting married.
what?georgie's getting married.
get the hell out of here.
 he's getting married?yes.
to a woman?of course to a woman.
 what's she look like?i'm sure she's pretty gorgeous.
what difference does it make what she looks like?is she pretty?yes, she's pretty.
 what difference does it make?oh, i'm just curious.
she's not pretty?let me talk to her.
she wants to talk to you.
uh, hello?congratulations!i just want you to know that i love your son very much.
you do?yes.
really?yes.
may i ask why?okay will you stop.
 i'm on the telephone.
can i talk to her, please?hey!hey!what are you up to?nothing.
what's the rope for?oh! well, how do you like that.
 i got rope.
 um, i gotta go.
the dog.
 you're getting the dog.
hey, kramer, where are you going?out.
don't go.
 kramer! come back.
 i got great news.
 well, i did it.
did what?i got engaged.
 i'm getting married.
 i asked susan to marry me.
 we're getting married this christmas.
you're getting married?yes!oh, my god!i'm a man.
 jerry, i'm a man.
 and do you know why? it's because of that talk we had.
 you were my inspiration.
 do you believe it? you.
 that lunch was the defining moment of my life.
i'm blown away.
you're blown?wow!you like that?and she said yes'?it took a couple of hours of convincing.
 i was persistent.
 i was just like those guys in the movies.
 and it worked! she said yes'! i can't believe my luck that she was still available .
 a beautiful woman like that.
 you think she's good looking, right?you're gonna have gorgeous kids.
yes.
 she's got great skin - a rosy glow pinkish hue?oh, she's got the hue.
 so, what's going on with you and melanie? i mean, i know you're not getting married, but uh, things are happening?well actually, we kind of broke up.
you what?well, you know, we were having dinner the other night, and she's got this strangest habit.
 she eats her peas one at a time.
 you've never seen anything like it.
 it takes her an hour to finish them.
 i mean, we've had dinner other times.
 i've seen her eat corn niblets.
 but she scooped them.
.
 .
 .
 she scooped her niblets?yes.
 that's what was so vexing.
uh-huh.
 uh-huh.
 what about the pact?what?what happened to the pact? we were both gonna change.
 we shook hands on a pact.
 did you not shake my hand on it uh?you stuck your hand out, so i shook it.
 i don't know about a pact.
 anyway, you should be happy you're engaged.
 you're getting married.
well, it's not that.
 i just, you know, i thought that we were both uh you thought i was gonna get married?well, maybe not married, but i mean, you love susan, right?yeah.
you want to spend the rest of your life with her.
 .
 .
 .
 .
 .
 yeah.
so?yeah.
 it doesn't make any difference.
no.
 so, we're still on to see uh, firestorm tonight?yeah.
i'll pick you up at your apartment.
 we'll go to the eight.
yeah.
hey, wait a second.
 wait a second.
 ! celebrate! how about some champagne?champagne?yes, come on! how often do you get engaged? come on!okay! alright!you know what? no champagne.
 anyway.
 .
 .
 i'll see you later.
yeah.
that's it.
 that's it.
 stop right here.
all right, give me the rope.
what? what do you need a rope for?look, i don't have time to explain every little thing to you.
i don't know.
 now, i'm thinking maybe we shouldn't do this.
i knew you'd back out.
kramer:, are we doing a bad thing?well, look at it this way.
 we drop the dog off in front of somebody's house in the country.
 they find it and adopt it.
 now the dog is prancing in the fields.
 dancing and prancing.
 fresh air.
 .
 dandelions.
 we're doing this dog a huge favor.
yeah.
 that's him.
all right.
 i'm going in.
 keep the motor running.
ready?um, i don't uh, really think i can go.
oh, how come?well, i didn't really tell susan about it, and she doesn't really have anything else to do.
well, she could come.
well, she doesn't really want to see firestorm.
oh.
she um, she wants to see the muted heart.
oh, the muted heart.
 glen close.
 sally field.
 well, that should be good.
yeah.
 see you later.
hey, wait a second.
 you know, we could share a cab.
 they're playing at the same cineplex.
george, better get ready.
i am ready.
you wearing that shirt?.
okay, i guess i'll see you down there.
yeah.
okay.
what time you got?oh, no.
 i don't wear a watch.
what do you do?well, i tell time by the sun.
how close do you get?well, i can guess within an hour.
tsk.
 well, i can guess within the hour, and i don't even have to look at the sun.
yeah.
well, what about at night? what do you do then?well, night's tougher but it's only a couple of hours.
let's go.
 let's go.
 move!you got it?what do you think? drive.
 drive.
where is it? where is it? this? this is the dog?yep.
but he's so small.
yeah, but he's a fighter.
that can't be the dog.
 are you sure you got the right one?look, you said the one in the second courtyard.
 he was in the second courtyard.
how could that be the dog?well, get him to bark.
yeah.
 yeah.
 i'll know if he barks.
all right.
 bark.
bark.
bark.
did you like it?yes, it was very, very good.
oh, do you think he'll ever find her again?oh, i sure hope so.
how about when harrison ford jumped out of that plane, and he was shooting back at them as he was falling?what about that underwater escape?oh, man!let's turn the radio on.
 maybe there's a news report about it.
???????you think we're far enough.
we're practically to monticello.
yeah.
 this looks right.
 all right.
 give me the dog.
 okay, boy.
 this is it.
 this is your new home.
 let go of my shirt.
 come on.
 let go of my shirt.
 this shirt is from rudy's.
hello?hey, ??? is rerunning the yankee game.
 you watching this?they are?george:, you coming to bed? i'm taping mad about you.
uh, yeah, i'll be there in a minute.
what was that?uh, nothing.
 i got to go.
oh, mattingly just singled .
you know, it was really wrong of you to back out on that deal.
i didn't make a deal.
 i just shook your hand.
yeah, well that's a deal where i come from.
we come from the same place.
george:, i'm starting it.
i got to go.
roxy! where have you been? we've been worried sick about you.
 what's this? hmm.
 rudy's.
no! no! it's impossible.
 it's impossible.
i don't know.
 i don't know how it happened.
 we were practically in monticello.
 i mean, how could that thing have found its way back? there's no way.
very strange.
i know.
so, tell me anyway.
 who was the big mastermind?oh, i can't jerry.
 i'm sworn to secrecy.
all right.
 but then i can't tell you the big news.
news? what news?sorry!what? what?all right, elaine but this is beyond news.
 this is like pearl harbor.
 or the kennedy assassination.
 it's like not even news.
 it's total shock.
oh, come on, jerry.
 please, please, please, please, please!george costanza yeah?is getting married!get out!hi.
you cosmo kramer?uh, yes.
 yeah.
you recognize this piece of fabric?oh, yeah, that's what?what?you're under arrest.
arrest?i have a receipt for a rental car with your signature.
 including a report with some damage to the rear seat.
 it seems the spring was so compressed it completely collapsed the right side newman.
what took you so long?hey, what do you think they'll do to us?ah, don't worry about a thing.
 in twenty minutes that place'll be swarming with mailmen.
 we'll be back on the street by lunch.
i gotta make some changes.
 i'm not a woman.
 i'm a child.
 what kind of life is this?hey, good news.
 my dog problem has been solved.
really? what happened?well, there's this rabbi in my building.
 you've met him.
 very nice man.
isn't he the one with the show on cable?yea, yeah, yeah,.
 so i spoke to him about the dog.
 he went down.
 talked to the owner.
 she agr eed to keep the dog inside from now on.
that's great.
i know.
that looks pretty good.
he's in.
hey, say, you know, we haven't even discussed george's engagement yet.
what's to discuss?come on! george: is getting married!is he happy?is coming from the bathroom to sit with his bride-to-be.
]i will never understand the bathrooms in this country.
 why is it that the doors on the stalls do not come all the way down to the floor?well, maybe it's so you can see if there's someone in there.
isn't that why we have locks on the doors?well, as a backup system, in case the lock is broken, you can see if it's taken.
a backup system? we're designing bathroom doors with our legs exposed in anticipation of the locks not working? that's not a system.
 that's a complete breakdown of the system.
can we change the subject, please?why? what's wrong with the subject? this is a bad subject?no, fine.
 if you wanna keep talking about it, we'll talk about it.
it's not that i want to keep talking about it? just think that the subject should resolve itself based on its own momentum.
well, i didn't think that it had any momentum.
 t even share the same interests.
yeah, he seems pretty happy.
well, that's all that counts, i guess.
what's the matter?oh, nothin'.
well, you don't seem too enthused about the whole thing.
well, what do you want me to do?well, at least have some reaction to it.
 well, i don't.
maybe you're a little jealous.
oh, what? you think i wanna marry george?no! but maybe you wish it was you who was getting married, not him.
oh, please! that is the last thing that i want.
oh, yeah.
 right.
yeah, right.
lainy!jerry!you don't wanna get married?yeah, that's right.
 i don't wanna get married.
oh, come on!oh, you come on.
you're such oh, hey!hey.
elaine, listen, i was talking to a friend about this dog business.
 do you realize this is gonna be on our permanent records? are you aware of this?oh, dear.
it can never be erased.
 it'll follow us wherever we go for the rest of our lives.
 i'll never be able to get a job.
 i mean, doesn't that concern you? everything i've worked for down the drain because of one stupid mistake.
 i mean, aren't we entitled to make one mistake in our lives, jerry?we're gonna change the system.
yes!well, i could care less.
 i hope it is on our record.
 i'm just sorry they didn't lock me up.
oh, hello, rabbi krischma.
elaine:! always a pleasure to see you.
thanks again for taking care of that dog for us.
elaine, often times in life there are problems, and just as often there are solutions.
yeah, i suppose.
elaine, you don't seem yourself today.
 you seem, if i may say, troubled.
no, rabbi, i'm not myself.
come upstairs.
 we'll have a talk.
hey!i want your honest opinion about something.
have i ever been less than forthright?no, you haven't.
 well, maybe you have.
 what do i know.
yeah, i probably have.
 yeah, of course i have.
 what am i talking about?all right.
 okay, tell me what you think about this idea: extend the doors on the toilet stalls at yankee stadium all the way to the floor.
extend the doors on the toilet stalls at yankee stadium to the floor door comes down.
 hides your feet.
 yes.
 i like it.
 i like it a lot.
it's good, right?i think it's fantastic.
 i think it's a fantastic idea.
you do?yes, i do.
well, i told it to susan before, and she didn't like it.
hmm.
yeah.
 not only that, this is what she said to me, can we change the subject?'see, now that i don't care for.
right.
 i mean, we're on a subject.
 why does it have to be changed?it should resolve of its own volition.
that's exactly what i said, except i used the word momentum'.
momentum - same thing.
same thing.
 my god, i'm getting married in december, do you know that?yeah, i know.
well, i don't see how i'm gonna make december.
 i mean, i need a little more time.
 i mean, look at me i'm a nervous wreck.
 my stomach aches.
 my neck is killing me.
 i can't turn.
 look.
 look.
you're turning.
nah, it's not a good turn.
 december.
 december.
 don't you think we should have a little more time just to get to know each other a little.
if you need more time, you should have more time.
what, you think i could postpone it?sure you can.
 why not?that's allowed? you're allowed to postpone it?i don't see why not.
so, i could do that?sure, go ahead.
all right! all right.
 i'll tell you what.
 how about this? got the date; march st, the first day of spring.
spring.
 of course.
huh? you know? spring.
 rejuvenation.
 rebirth.
 everything's blooming.
 all that crap.
beautiful.
she's not gonna like it.
no, she's not.
you know, i think i'm a little bit scared of her.
 she's five-three, like a hundred pounds.
 i'm frightened to death of her.
well, she's a woman.
 they don't like to be disappointed.
especially her.
 she does not like disappointment.
 well, i have to do it.
 i can't make december.
 there's no way i can make december.
 right? i mean, you can see that, right? i mean, look at me.
 look.
 look.
 can i make december? i can't make december.
 right? look.
 look.
yeah, you'd better shoot for march.
hey, hey.
march st.
 hey! so, you're gonna back me on this, right?oh, all the way.
you are a good friend.
 you know what? even if you killed somebody i wouldn't turn you in.
is that so?hey, kramer if i killed somebody would you turn me in?definitely.
you're kidding?no, no, i would turn you in.
you would turn me in?phwap, i wouldn't even think about it.
i can't believe your a friend of mine.
what kind of person are you going around killing people?well, i am sure i had a good reason.
well,, if you'll kill this person, who's to say i wouldn't be next?but you know me!i thought i did!i'm not a very religious person but i do feel as if i'm in need of some guidance here.
would you care for a snack of some kind? i have the snackwells which are very popular but i think that sometimes with the so called fat free cookies people may overindulge forgetting they may be high in caloriesthank you i am not very hungry.
 anyway, um, this friend of mine, george, got engaged .
how wonderful.
yeah, yeah, well, for some reason, um, i just find myself just overcome with feelings of jealousy and resentment.
doesn't it give you any joy to see your friend enter into this holiest of unions?no, no, no it doesn't.
 no joy no joy whatsoever.
 just the whole think makes me .
 .
 sick.
you know, elaine, very often we cannot see the forest for the trees.
yeah, i don't know what that means.
well, for example, say there's a forest, .
 .
 .
you see the thing is we it should have been me.
 you know, i'm smart.
 i'm attractive.
you know my temple has many single functions.
no, no, it's okay.
my nephew alex is someone who is also looking perhaps i don't think so.
he owns a flower store.
 very successful.
so you're nothing but a stoolie.
 admit it.
hey, don't do the crime if you can't do the time.
another caf&eacute; latte?you better believe it.
since when are you so trendy?hey, baby.
 i set the trends.
 who do you think started this whole caf&eacute; latte?i don't recall you drinking caf&eacute; latte.
i've been drinking caf&eacute; latte since the fifth grade and i haven't looked back.
hey, planet from outer space is playing tomorrow night.
 one show only.
i've always wanted to see this.
you know i was supposed to see this five years ago.
 i was in a chinese restaurant with george and elaine and got all screwed up trying to get a table and i missed it.
well, yeah, lets do it uh?look at this jerry, dropping paper on the ground.
 that's littering.
maybe you better call the cops and turn me in.
maybe i will.
hi,how was your day?good, good day.
 how was your day?mine was okay.
 so what's goin on?oh, nothin much.
 i went over to jerry's, uh, talked to jerry.
oh, the lowers want to get together with us on friday night.
the lowers, really?you don't want to go?no, i want to go.
so what did jerry have to say?oh, nothin much, .
 .
 .
 talkin'.
 .
 .
 .
 oh, oh, oh, did i have an unbelievable idea today!oh, yeah, the toilets.
 you told me.
yeah, ha ha, it's not the toilets, it's not the toilets.
 it's something else.
 are you ready for this?yeah.
okay, how about this? all right, we get married march st, the first day of spring.
what do you mean? you want to postpone the wedding?no, no no it's not about postponing.
 i just think the first day of spring is the perfect day to get married.
 you know, spring! rejuvenation! rebirth! everything is blooming all the if you don't want to marry me, george, just say so.
 say so.
still marry , still marry.
you don't love me.
sstill love.
 still love.
my parents told me you were too neurotic and that i was making a mistake.
no no no, no mistake, no mistake.
 no, no , listen, we're going to get married over christmas, i it doesn't make any difference to me.
 it's fine.
 really.
are you sure?yeah, yeah, sure, christmas.
 snow.
 santa.
 all that stuff.
let me take a guess.
 she cried and you caved.
how did you know that?i live and breath my friend.
 .
 .
 .
 i live and breath.
i got to tell you i felt terrible.
 i really thought she was going to collapse and kill herself.
tes, it's very difficult.
 few men have the constitution for it.
 that's why breakups take two or three tries.
 you gotta build up your immunity.
you see those tears streaming down you don't know what to do.
 it was like she was on fire and i was trying to put her out.
well, at least you probably had some, uh, pretty good make-up sex after.
i didn't have any sex.
you didn't have make-up sex? how could you not have make-up sex? i mean that's the best feature of the heavy relationship.
i didn't have make-up sex.
in your situation the only sex you're going to have better than make-up sex is if you're dent to prison and you have a conjugal visit.
yeah, conjugal visit sex.
 that is happening! i can tell you're very upset but i'm sorry i'm not goin'did you here that? i can't believe this he's eating his sandwich.
are you going to eat thoise fries?this is amazing.
 .
 .
 .
 poor bastard.
good evening, rabbi.
good evening.
 and how does this evening find you?well, rabbi, well.
i trust you are here to see your friend, elaine.
yeah, that's right.
i hope she's feeling better.
what do you mean?she didn't tell you?no.
well it seems the engagement of her ffriend george has left her feeling bitter and hostile.
is that so?yes, in fact she told me that she wishes she was the one getting married.
really?she came off as pretty desperate.
i didn't know any of this.
apparently she doesn't think much of this george fellow either.
 i recall the word loser peppered throughout her conversation.
hum, well it all comes as news to me.
 hi.
hi, how was your day?good, good day.
 how was your day?ah, it was okay.
 what's going on?oh, nothing much.
 you know, i went over to jerry's.
 talked to jerry.
 um, could i talk to you for a minute?yeah, sure.
you see this is the thing.
 .
 .
 .
 george, of course, of course it can wait until march if that is what you want.
yeah?oh, don't worry your head.
 of course.
all right.
 i've got that magazine article for you.
you iknow i talked to the rabbi outside.
are youunderstand you had a little talk with him too.
yeah, talked earlier.
yes i know, i know.
nothing, nothing.
he didn't mention .
 .
 .
yes he did.
he told you about our conversation?we had quite a little chat.
he told you about .
 .
 .
yes, about how you're very jealous of george.
 how you wished it was you who were getting married instead of him.
he told you all that? how could he?it didn't take much prodding either, i must say.
can he do that?he did it.
but he's a rabbi! how can a rabbi have such a big mouth?that's what's so fascinating.
you better finish your little caf&eacute; latte there.
 they won't let you in with it.
why not?because they don't allow outside drinks into the movie.
well that's stupidthat's the rule.
well, we'll just see if we can't get around that.
oh, elaine.
 come in.
 come in.
 so nice to see you again.
yeah can i offere you some kasha varnishkas?no, no.
 listen, rabbi, i'd like to ask you a question.
 why, why did you tell my friend jerry what i talked to you about?was that a problem for you?of course it was a problem for me.
 .
 .
 .
 you didn't, you didn't tell anyone else about this, did you?well, let's see? i seem to recall a conversation with mrs.
 winston in f.
mrs.
 winston?yes, we were waiting for our mail to arrive and i happened to mention to her how you felt that it was never going to happen for you.
what about don ramsey? you didn't mention anything to him did you?don ramsey?you know that tall really good looking guy, he lives on the fifth floor.
oh him! well this morning i found myself in the elevator with him my god, you didn't.
excuse me, pardon me, excuse meoh, yow, oow ah!hey, hey, what's going on? what just happened here?nothing nothing.
whatya got? one of those caf&eacute; latte's in your shirt?i don't have anything.
 ask him.
all right, come on coffee boy, bring it out.
what?!here you go.
owbut the whole thing is a mess.
 he told everyone in the building.
 i met that cute guy on the fifth floor.
 i mean he could barely bring himself to nod.
elaine, if i could say a word here about jewish people.
 that man in no way represents our ability to take in a nice piece of juicy gossip and keep it to ourselves.
you didn't say this to george, did you?no, .
 .
 .
 about how you wish it was you who was getting married instead of him? feelings of resentment, hostility?yeah that! so, .
 .
 .
hey oh.
georgie! congratulations! oh, my god.
 i haven't seen you since it happened.
 i'm so happy for you.
alright, thanks a lot.
oh, come on.
 you really, really deserve it.
oh, deserve! i don't know if i deserve i mean are you kidding? i have seen the changes in you the past couple of years.
 man, you have grown.
 you've matured.
well, i guess i'm getting older.
oh! well, i just think it's wonderful.
 honestly! i've gotta run, but um, please, please give my best to susan.
yeah.
my most, just heartfelt congratulations.
yeah.
 thanks.
 hey, listen, if you ever get a date, maybe the four of us could go out together sometime.
yes! yes, yes.
 sure.
wait, as a matter of fact, wasn't there some guy in your building that you said you liked? he lived up on the fifth floor or something.
yes.
 yes, yes.
 yes.
yeah! boy, she is something, isn't she?yeah, she's something else.
 hey, so what happened? did you hold your ground or uh nope.
 i wept like a baby.
what?well, i started to tell her and then all of the sudden, for some reason, i just burst into tears.
you cried?i bawled uncontrollably.
 i just poured my guts out.
 and i'll tell you, jerry, it was incredible.
 i never realized how powerful these tears are.
 i could have postponed it another five years if i wanted to.
hey!sorry about that movie-thing.
 i was joking around.
sorry? are you kidding? you did me the biggest favor of my life.
 i spoke to a lawyer, we're suing for millions.
suing? what for?the coffee was too hot.
it's supposed to be hot.
not that hot.
 the prophet isaah tells us without friends our lives are empty and meaningless.
wait.
 whoa! that's the rabbi from elaine's building.
 i just met this guy the other day.
a young lady i know, let's call her elaine, happened to find herself overwhelmed with feelings of resentment and hostility for her friend, let's call him george.
 she felt that george was somewhat of a loser and that she was the one who deserved to be married first.
 she also happened to mention to me that her friend had wondered if going to a prostitute while you're engaged is considered cheating.
 his feeling was they're never going to see each other again so what's the difference.
 but that is a subject for another sermon.
 now, i'd like to close with a psalm.
and then i hear this rabbi on television, i mean imagine.
i'm really sorry george, i, i, i wasn't jealous of you.
 it was just the whole marriage thing.
ya know, i was just a little surprised.
why would anyone eat canned fruit? i mean can anybody answer that?what about all the loser stuff?i don't know where the rabbi got that.
 ya know i never said that.
 i said i've never seen you looser'.
i can see the can if you're in the army, but fresh fruit it's available, it's there, it's aisles over.
 well, scintillating as always.
where you going?i'm going shopping with susan.
what kind of shopping?clothes shopping.
where are you going?ross'.
oh that's a nice store.
yeah, it's her uncle's.
discount? one would hope.
so ya know, my friend and i we were going to the movies and we stopped off and bought this cafe latte.
 hm hm.
 oh what is that like italian coffee?yeah that's right.
half milk, half coffee?yeah.
hm hm.
 you take a sip?yes i did.
now when you took a sip, did you notice it was hot? were you able to sip it in your normal fashion?no i wasn't able to sip it in my normal fashion.
hm hm.
 all right, all right.
 you take big sips?well i think i take a normal sip.
o.
k.
 you take normal sips.
 nothing wrong with that.
 then what happened?well you know ahh, they don't allow outside drinks in the movie theater.
 so i had to put it in my shirt and sneak it in.
yeah, see they like to sell their own coffee.
yeah, now is that going to be a problem?yeah that's going to be a problem.
 it's gonna be a problem for them.
 this a clear violation of your rights as a consumer.
 it's an infringement on your constitutional rights.
 it's outrageous, egregious, preposterous.
it's definitely preposterous.
so.
 then what happened?well ahh.
 i was trying to get to my seat and i had to step over someone and i kind of got pushed and it spilled on me.
was there a top on it?yeah.
now did you put the top on or did they put the top on for you?no.
 they put the top on.
and they made the top.
 you didn't make the top did you? re gonna run some test on that top.
 have you been to the doctor?ah no no, i haven't.
 s from me.
so ah, what do you think mr.
 chiles.
jackie.
jackie.
 i mean, we have a chance?do we have a chance? you get me one coffee drinker on that jury, you gonna walk outta there a rich man.
i don't like it, it's red.
 it it's too flashy.
well you could use a little flash.
all right.
 don't change me.
 susan.
 don't change me.
 ya know there are a lot of woman that would love to be in your position right now.
name one.
so, you find anything?oh, he's impossible to shop for uncle ned.
i'm going on vacation to costa rica.
 maybe i'll see you in a couple of weeks.
o.
k.
excuse me mr ross.
see now this i don't get.
what?the security guard.
what about him?why does he have to stand?because he's a security guard.
but i mean look at him.
 he's gotta be on his feet like that all day? that's brutal.
 i think i'm gonna say something to your uncle.
george, you just met him.
 don't say anything to him.
aren't you concerned about the security guard?not really.
  t care that this man has to stand here hours a day when he could easily be sitting.
all right george.
 what do you think?so ah, what did you do last night?nothing.
i know nothing, but what did you actually do?literally nothing.
 i sat in a chair and i stared.
wow.
 that really is nothing.
i told ya.
hey.
hey.
hey.
what are you all dressed up for?oh i ah just came from a meeting with my lawyer.
oh yeah, how's that looking?oh i'll tell you how it's looking.
 my lawyer jackie says if there is one coffee drinker on that jury, m gonna be a rich man.
that's despicable.
 how does he know how all coffee drinkers will vote? i'm a coffee drinker.
 if i was on that jury i wouldn't give you a nickel kramer.
yeah, well you wouldn't be on that jury.
 he would have weeded you out.
frankly i'm surprised you're so litigious.
oh i can be quite litigious.
what i mean who ever heard of this anyway? suing a company because there coffee is too hot? coffee is supposed to be hot.
yeah but jackie says the top was faulty.
 jackie says the top was faulty.
hey maestro!ah, kramer.
i'm in here.
 how's it going.
fine.
hi bob.
 m sorry.
 maestro.
well, this is a surprise ha?i just wanted to drop off this chinese balm for your burns.
 it's supposed to be great stuff.
 it's all herbal.
oh maestro, you, what are you doing? you don't have to do this.
 do you believe this maestro?it's nothing.
yeah, ya know you haven't been around for a while.
oh yeah, i've been at my house in tuscany.
oh tuscany huh? hear that jerry? that's in italy.
i hear it's ah beautiful there.
well if you're thinking of getting a place there don't bother.
 there's really nothing available.
 huh? oh!hello.
well hello.
 and who might you be?i might be elaine.
this is a, bob cobb.
maestro.
oh, maestro.
it is my very great pleasure.
 enchante.
well i have to be going.
jinx buy me a coke.
oh.
 love it when that happeneds.
i know i know.
 that is so ahh coincidental.
yeah, thanks.
 o.
k.
 bye you guys.
ciao.
yeah, yeah oh hey and a thanks for the balm.
 yeah.
you know you hurt the maestro's feelings.
oh what, because i didn't call him maestro?that's right.
ya know i feel a little funny calling somebody maestro.
why?because it's a stupid thing to be called.
jerry he's a conductor.
oh conductor.
 he conducts the policeman's benevolent association orchestra.
well, he's still a conductor.
well he sure worked pretty fast with elaine.
oh, you should see him do flight of the bumble bee'.
new shirt?yeah.
 you like it.
no, not particularly.
why, the color?yeah.
too flashy?yeah, it's burning my retina.
 susan picked that out for you right? no.
 s it going to be here.
let me ask you something.
 when you go into a store, does it bother you that they make the security guard just stand there all day?no.
see, didn't bother susan either.
 that's why i'm different.
 i can sense the slightest human suffering.
are you sensing anything right now?let me just say this.
 it is inhumane to make a man stand on his feet, in one spot for eight hours a day.
 why shouldn't he have a chair?well, what about criminal activity? he's got to be alert.
what, he can't jump out of the chair? how long does that take? here look at this.
 stop it! stop it! stop it!maybe they offered him a chair and he turned it down.
would you get out of here.
 who's gonna turn down a chair? i would be very interested to know how he felt about all of this.
 maybe i'll have a talk with him.
i know you will.
hey, hey, hey, listen to this.
 jackie just called.
who?his lawyer.
yeah, java world wants to settle.
what?yeah, i'm gonna be rich.
why are they settling?cause their afraid of bad publicity.
all this because you spilled coffee on yourself?yeah that's right.
 m gonna need a coffee here.
 very hot! boiling!and then about four years ago i was on holiday in tuscany.
uh ha.
and i fell in love with this house.
are you ready to order?oh god.
 what are you getting bob?good question.
 ll need a few minutes.
you know, i'm sorry but, i didn't mention it earlier but actually i preferred to be called maestro.
excuse me?well, ya know i am a conductor.
yeah, so?oh i suppose it's o.
k.
 for leonard burnstein to be called maestro because he conducted the new york philharmonic.
 so he gets to be called maestro and i don't.
well, i mean don't you think that he was probably called maestro while he was conducting, not in social situations.
 i mean his friends probably just called him lenny.
i happen to know for a fact, that he was called maestro in social situations.
 i once saw him at a bar and someone came up to him and said hello maestro, how about a beer'.
 o.
k.
 so that's a fact.
maestro huh? o.
k.
 jerry! jerry! jerry! jerry my burn is gone look.
 .
what do you mean?well i put that chinese balm on that the maestro gave me.
 and look, it healed it.
so?so? my lawsuit.
 i'm finished.
i thought they wanted to settle.
well what happens if they want to see it?then you're in a lot of trouble.
yeah!! tired?no.
how come uh, no chair?what?i, i couldn't help but notice that uh you don't have a chair.
i don't need a chair.
no i didn't mean to imply that you did.
 you're obviously a very well proportioned individual.
 i was just wondering, have they ever offered you a chair?nope.
would you like a chair?i suppose if they gave me one i'd sit down.
ah ha, ah ha.
 you would, wouldn't you?obviously i'd rather sit than stand, if that's what your asking.
that's exactly my point.
well who wouldn't?cause i tell you, frankly, i would like to walk in hear one day and find you sitting down.
 that would give me a lot of pleasure.
 call me crazy.
you put the balm on? who told you to put the balm on? i didn't tell you to put the balm on.
 why'd you put the balm on? you haven't even been to see the doctor.
 if your gonna put a balm on, let a doctor put a balm on.
i guess i screwed up huh jackie?your damn right you screwed up.
 where the hell did you get that damm balm anyway?the maestro.
the who? what are you talking about maestro?my friend he's a conductor.
oh oh oh, so a maestro tells you to put a balm on and you do it?well my stomach was burning.
i tell you what this is.
 this is a public humiliation.
well i didn't know the balm was gonna work.
do you know what a balm is? have you ever seen a balm? didn't you read the instructions?well i  re unpredictable.
i'm sorry jackie.
 pull over here driver this is it.
 yeah, get over.
did you have a good time?yeah, he's very interesting.
 did you know that mozart died while he was writing the requiem'.
 yeah, everyone knows that, it was in amadeus.
really?so what about the maestro stuff.
 did he make you call him maestro.
yeah, i called him maestro.
you didn't mind?well, i did at first, but actually i kind of got used to it.
o.
k.
 from now on i want you to call me jerry the great'.
i am not calling you jerry the great'.
why not you call him maestro.
he is a maestro.
well, i'm great.
so you say.
what about his house in tuscany, he mention that?yeah.
 m invited.
you know when i told him it was beautiful there, out of the clear blue sky he says there's nothing to rent.
 as if he doesn't want anyone else there.
why?i don't know.
 maybe he's embarrassed by americans.
yeah, well maybe there aren't any houses to rent there.
in all of tuscany? i wonder.
i say we offer him $ , that's it, take it or leave it.
how do we know how severe the burns are? why don't we have him examined by a doctor.
listen, the faster we dispose of this the better.
 this thing gets into the paper it will kill us.
all right, we'll start at , and free coffee at all of our stores.
 yes?mr.
 chiles and mr.
 kramer are here.
send them in.
gentleman.
gentleman come in.
 now we don't want to take up much of your time.
 let's make this short and sweet.
 we're prepared to offer you all the free coffee you want in any of our stores throughout north america and europe, plus  ll take it!!i'll take it? who told you to take it? did i tell you to take it?no.
i know the maestro didn't tell you to take it, he wasn't there.
well i thought we were lucky to get anything.
free coffee?yeah.
i don't want free coffee.
 it's not hard to get coffee.
 i can get my ownwell i didn't hear any plus.
 years practicing law i've never experienced anything like this.
look, java world.
 m gonna get myself a free cafe latte.
hey.
 hi maestro.
beethoven's th.
yeah.
hey you know we were just talking about you.
oh yeah?yeah, ya know the other day how you mentioned that there were no houses available in tuscany?you didn't find one, did you?no.
 i'm not really looking.
nor should you.
so are you telling me there's not one house to rent in all of tuscany?the houses are passed down from generation to generation, it's very hard.
i can't get a sublet, a guest room, a cot, nothing?it's booked solid!it's booked jerry!how'd you get yours?got lucky.
 come on, elaine, let's take a ride, i was about to pop in some verdi.
maybe i'll check out france.
hey george, do you believe this guy?who?bob cobb.
bob cobb?you know, the maestro.
oh i missed the maestro?yeah, get this, he tells me there are no houses any where in tuscany to rent.
huh.
 your renting a house in tuscany?no.
so what do you care?i just wish i could figure out if this guy is trying to keep me out of tuscany.
of course he is.
 there's got to be houses for rent in tuscany.
 do you know how big tuscany is?i have no idea.
it it's huge.
 it's probably like north dakota.
oh, no way it's that big.
it's a big region.
do you know how big north dakota is stupid?i don't know why i bother even talking to you.
hey, no one's got a gun to your head.
all right.
so i spoke to the security guard.
yeah and?well it's tough to get a good read but i think if i brought him a chair, he'd sit.
so are you gonna get him a chair?yup.
 it's really just a question of what kind.
 thinking about a bar stool.
yeah, that would give him some height, be able to check things out.
 with a back or without.
oh i think i'd go for the back.
swivel?i suppose he could swivel.
 hey maybe one of those director's chairs.
 what do you think of those.
i thinks it's kind of a pompous look.
 you know my parents used to have a kitchen chair that would have been perfect.
you mean one of those vinyl things?yes.
vinyl yeah, maybe.
how can i figure out if there's any places to rent in tuscany? wait a minute.
 poppy's from tuscany.
 i'm gonna go call him.
yeah, good luck.
 hey i'll meet you outside.
poppy told me to talk to his cousin, he lives down in little italy.
what do you think about a rocking chair? m gonna get my lawyer jackie chiles down here and your gonna be in really big trouble.
hey hey hey, slow down eddie.
 what what's the matter?awe there making faces at me cause i've had a couple of cafe lattes.
 but i'm entitled to them.
 i can have as many cafe lattes as i want, that was the settlement.
that's it?that's it.
 what you want one george? i can get one for you.
 no problem.
 jerry, you want one? they're delicious.
 my pleasure.
you've got to stop it.
 your your all hopped up on the caffein.
well i feel like i'm talking fast but it's very hard to tell.
you're racing!well well i've got things to do.
 i'll see you later.
 bye.
 oh bob! bob! maestro! excuse me.
 can i help you?nope.
 just a, giving a chair to the security guard.
did mr.
 ross tell you to do this?what's your name?evan fayne.
i'm engaged to mr.
 ross niece.
 i'm probably gonna be taking over this whole place someday so if i were you i would stay on my good side.
i'm terribly sorry, i didn't know.
innocent mistake.
well, here you go.
 what do you think?mr.
 ross says this is o.
k.
?hey, i'm his nephew, all right? don't worry about it.
 go ahead.
 check it out.
not bad.
 not bad at all.
ah, excuse me, i'm looking for a mr.
 giggio.
si, si, imma giggio.
poppy sent me to see you mr.
 giggio.
si, si poppy.
um, did he did he mention to you why i called?si, the house in tuscana.
yeah, right, right.
 so is there anything there to rent?si.
 two million lira.
 you give me the check.
i didn't actually want to rent it.
the keys, here are the keys.
 you give me the check.
 two million lira.
 seventeen hundred americana.
 molto generoso.
 si, si.
so see um, i didn't say that i wanted to rent it, i was just wondering if there were houses there to rent.
si.
 thissa one!.
 capiche?it's been a rough couple of weeks, ya know i really needed to get away.
i told you, it's paradise.
you're right maestro.
common jerry, this guy is crazy.
 get out.
you didn't have to push me.
i didn't push you.
 how much did you pay that guy? , lira.
 , lira? are you out of your mind?kramer you don't under the conversion rate.
oh, conversion rate, oh.
you know i don't even know why i brought you.
nobody put a gun to your head.
not bad!yeah!hellothis is your wake up service.
 it's : oh, god.
 oh, i could use a few more hours sleep.
hot date last night?i wish.
a woman with a sexy voice like yours its hard to believe your waking up alone.
really? thank you.
, wake up service .
 .
 .
 person.
call me james.
oh, all right, james.
 he he heyour wake up guy asked you out?yeah, i've never seen him but i feel like we have this weirdly intimate relationship.
 i mean, i'm lying in bed, i'm wearing my nightie,i don't know.
 blind date?what? you're going to go out with my cousin holly.
 you've never met her.
yeah, but i've seen pictures of her.
at least i've spoken to my guy.
 you're going out on a deaf date.
i think i'd rather go out on a deaf date than a blind date.
 the question is whether you'd rather date the blind or the deaf.
ah, .
 .
 .
now you're off on a topic.
you know, i think, i would rather date the deaf.
uh hu.
because i think the blind would probably be a little messier around the house.
 and lets face it they're not going to get all the crumbs.
 i'd possibly be walking around with a sponge.
you see i disagree.
 i'd rather be dating the blind.
 you know you could let the house go.
 you could let yourself go.
 a good looking blind woman doesn't even know you're not good enough for her.
i think she'd figure it out.
what? what is this?veggie sandwich and a grapefruit.
veggie sandwich and a grapefruit? what are you turning into?a healthy person.
 ow, ow you squirted me.
oh, sorryboy, it stings.
george, have you seen morgan?no.
he's been coming in late all week.
 is there something wrong?no, not that i know of.
 really? make sure he signs this.
 oh, look george, if there's a problem with morgan you can tell me.
morgan? no.
 he's doing a great job.
 i understand.
i still can't believe, you're going out on a blind date.
i'm not worried.
 it sounds like he's really good looking.
you're going by sound? what are we? whales?i think i can tell.
elaine, what percentage of people would you say are good looking?twenty-five percent.
twenty-five percent, you say? no way! it's like to percent.
 it's a twenty to one shot.
you're way off.
way off? have you been to the motor vehicle bureau? it's like a leper colony down there.
so what you are saying is that to percent of the population is undateable?undateable!then how are all these people getting together?alcohol.
 what is your problem?no problem here.
you keep winking at me.
 that's really obnoxious.
i had no idea.
right there.
 right there.
 you just did it again.
wait a minute.
 wait a minute.
 it's from that grapefruit that jerry squirted at me.
you're eye still hurts?yeah, yeah.
 you must have squirted a piece of pulp in it too.
pulp couldn't make it across the table.
pulp can move, baby! why didn't you eat a real breakfast?hey, i eat healthy.
 if i have to take out an eye, that's the breaks.
wait a minute.
 i must have been winking down at the office.
 that's why mr.
 wilhelm was acting so mysteriouso.
what did he think, you were flirtin with him?hu, oh.
 no he thought i was hiding something from him about morgan.
hi guys.
hi,hello archie, veronica, mr.
 weatherbee.
 .
 .
 .
 is this don matingly's signature?yeah.
and buck showalter's?it's an inter-office envelope.
 it get passed around all over the office.
um, can i show this to my buddy stubbs .
 he runs a sports memorabilia store.
 he pays top dollar for pro autographs.
yeah, like i'm going to risk my job with the new york yankees to make a few extra bucks.
 no, of course not.
 you know, you see don matingly signed this envelope then he sent it to room , where it was received and signed for by manager buck showalter.
i don't know.
 an envelope doesn't really cut it.
why?what is this? a birthday card.
 ha ha .
 .
 .
 signed by the entire yankee organization! .
 .
 .
 this could be worth something.
is that the lovely mrs.
 morgan?hello.
oh, by the way, have you got that birthday card?birthday card?mr.
 steinbrenner's birthday card.
 wilhem said you had it for me to sign.
oh ah, i uh, will have that for you by after lunch.
fine.
 i'll be back after my massage.
of course.
 your massage.
 hello.
james! ah, ha, hello! phew!i can't believe you've never taken anybody here before.
well, i'm not really that much of a meat eater.
.
 .
 .
 you don't eat meat? are you one of those.
 .
 .
well, no, i'm not one of those.
when we were little girls grandma memma would take us to a matinee and then dinner here.
grandma memma?elaine must have mentioned grandma memma.
no, i think i would have remembered memma.
oh well, that's typical.
 elaine never liked grandma memma.
ready?i'll have the porterhouse medium rare, baked potato with sour cream,what do you recommend besides the steak?the lamb chops are good.
anything lighter? how do you prepare the chicken?it's a full bird.
 stuffed with ham, topped with gorganzola.
you know what? i think i'll just have the salad.
.
 .
 .
 thank you.
 just a salad? just a salad? just a salad?hey you, hey you.
oh, uh, ha, you've got dogs?yeah, you know, when you live alone, you're dogs are all you have.
 do you like dogs? shut up! you stupid little mut !dogs.
 oh i love dogs.
boys, this is elaine.
 .
 .
 .
 sorry, they're usually very friendly.
 hey!hey, mr.
 morgan how was your massage?i had to cancel it.
 for some reason my wife got it into her head that it was more than just a massage.
really?yeah, we had this big fight at lunch it looks like tonight i will be sleeping on the couch.
hey, listen don't oversleep.
 you can't afford to be late again.
i know.
 somebody around here has been giving wilhelm the impression that i have been slacking off.
geez, hey you know something, you should try my friend's wake up service.
 she swears by this thing.
costanza, you may be my only friend around here.
 by the way, you got that birthday card?ah, not yet.
just make sure steinbrenner doesn't get it until i sign it.
yes sir!i just don't understand it as soon as i met these dogs they started growling at me.
maybe his dogs heard about how you tried to kidnap that other dog.
 these muts like to gossip.
 so have you talked too holly?huh huh.
did she mention anything about our lunch?uh, kind of.
what do you mean, kind of.
'?i mean, she thought it was kind of strange to just order a salad.
 .
 .
 .
 you know.
 .
 .
 .
 for a man.
what are you saying? .
 .
 .
 salad! what was i thinking? women don't respect salad eaters.
you got that right.
but you're going over there for dinner tonight, right?um uh.
what is she making?i don't know.
 but i'm sure it had, .
 .
 .
 parents.
 call her up.
 she won't mind if you come.
oh, don't worry.
 i'll be there and i'll be packing an artery.
ah, mr.
 weatherbee.
you got the yankee envelope?sure do.
oh,here you go.
hey, he,you'll be pleased to see what's inside.
what is this?you're cut of the loot.
 stubs gave me dollars for the autographed birthday card that was inside.
who told you to sell the card?you did.
no i didn't!no, not in so many words but i believe we had an understanding.
 i was not winking you idiot.
 that was the grapefruit.
 it's like acid.
 i need that card back.
 it's mr.
 steinbrenner's.
 i was responsible.
well stubs has already sold it to some guy who's kid's in the hospital .
well get it back! it's very important.
 look, do you want me to get it back or not? get it back!such a lovely table setting.
 oh, wear did you get these napkins?they're grandma memma's.
oh, i don't remember them.
oh, you wouldn't.
 she only used them on special occasions.
special occassions? it wasn't special when my family visited?everybody like mutton?um, mutton! hope you didn't cut the fat off.
that you bobby?huhwell, i heard that you have a very uh, special birthday card .
with all the yankee autographs on it.
sure do.
 mister.
oh, that's it, yeah.
 boy, stubs sure went to town with this thing huh? yeah, well, bobby, uh, what if i told you a very important person at the new york yankees needed this card back.
oh, no.
 i'd never part with this card for anything in the world.
well, uh, bobby, uh, who's your favorite yankee.
paul o'neill.
all right.
 what if i tell paul o'neill to hit a home run tomorrow, just for you.
would he? paul o'neill would do that?for you he would.
would he hit two home runs?two? sure kid, yeah.
 but then you gotta promise you'll do something for me.
i know.
 get out of this bed one day and walk again.
yeah, that would be nice.
 but i really just need this card.
what about this candelabra?yeah, that was grandma memma's also.
 she bought it on her trip to europe in .
 jerry, i'm thrilled you like my mutton.
 i was afrais you only ate .
 .
 .
 salad.
hey, salad's got nothin on this mutton.
that is so funny.
 did you just make that up?i wish i could take credit for it.
 it's actually the line my butcher uses when we're chewing the fat.
 how about that beautiful desk over there? that was in grandma's study.
what did you do, ransack the place after she died?this is some fine mutton.
i'm getting out of here.
 can i borrow your jacket?uh, well, uh the thing is that .
 .
 .
 it's cold out, and i didn't bring my own.
 jerry! god forbid i should borrow one from holly.
 it might have belonged to grandma memma.
 thanks for mutton.
down boy, nice doggy .
 i'm a nice person.
 don't believe what you hear.
where are the napkins?what?grandma memma's napkins.
 there's two missing.
 elaine took them didn't she?i don't know about that.
 have you got any floss?you heard her.
 she coveted them.
 i bet she took them just to spite me.
 she's probably having a good laugh about it right now.
down doggy .
 oh oh a a a a aelaine, what are you doing in this neighborhood?did you do with the dogs?yeah, they're in the kitchen.
 .
 .
 .
 okay, quite! what's going on?these dogs were chasing me.
 and no cab would stop and i had to get off the street.
 then i remembered that you lived here.
why were dogs chasing you?they just don't like me.
 it's a long story.
 i can tell you one day but i can't tell you right now.
i would askk you to stay tonight but i only have the sofa bed and it's where i sleep.
we'll have to sleep head to toe.
head to toe?head to toe.
hey, wake up.
 it's : you were supposed to walk me up at : .
i'm sorry i didn't get any sleep you kept kicking me in the face.
you're a wake up guy.
 don't you have calls to make?i'll make them later.
 uh.
have you seen morgan?he's not here?no, he's late.
it's impossible.
 i got him a wake up service.
now, george, you don't have to cover for him any more.
 he's going to be gone soon and i'm going to recommend you for his job.
.
 .
 .
 gone?it sounds like all the winking got you a promotion.
i don't want morgan's job.
 he's got a lot of work to do.
 hey, elaine, your friend never woke up mr.
 morgan.
nah, he was tired.
 he had some feet in his face.
 my cousin holly is completely insane.
 she keeps calling and accusing me of stealing her napkins.
napkins?i mean, why? why would i take her stupid napkins.
because they were in the pockets of my jacket.
they were?yes.
 i was using them to spit out the mutton.
spit it out? i had dogs chasing me for that mutton.
 i was almost mauled because of that mutton.
what exactly is mutton?i don't know and i didn't want to find out.
 so where is my jacket?oh, i must have left it at jame'syou spent the night at james's? did we?yeah but we reversed positions so there was no funny business.
reversed positions?yeah, you know, head to toe.
so what your genitals are still lined up.
no, because i slept with my back to him.
mr.
 o'neill?yeah.
yeah, uh, look, you don't know me.
i can give you an autograph there, but my pen's kind of screwed up.
 you'd only like half a p or something.
no, it's uh, not that see,.
 it's about a little boy in a hospital.
 i was wondering if you could do something to lift his spirits.
sure, i could help you there.
sure, well i promised you would hit him two home runs.
say what?you know, klick!.
 a couple of dingers.
you promised a kid in the hospital that i would hit two home runs?yeah, well, no good?yeah.
 that's no good.
 it's terrible.
 you don't hit home runs like that.
 it's hard to hit home runs.
 and where the heck did you get two from?two is better than one.
that, that's ridiculous.
 i'm not a home run hitter.
well, babe ruth did it.
he did not.
oh, do you say that babe ruth is a liar?i'm not calling him a liar but he was not stupid enough to promise two.
well, maybe i did overextend myself.
how the heck did you get in here anyway? fellas!the yankees take the field on a beautiful afternoon.
it's hot in here.
 hey, bobby, can i have some of your juice?after paul o'neill hits his first home run.
 s holly.
yeah.
 come on up.
and the two and one pitch to o'neill.
 a towering shot back to deep right field and it's gone.
yeah.
a home run for paul o'neill.
 the yanks lead one nothing.
oh yeah! all right!one more to go.
hey.
 what's all this?i decided i was going to make you dinner.
i thought we were going out.
well, after you scarfed up my mutton i had the irresistible urge to make pork chops for you.
 i said hello to franco for you.
franco?your butcher, down the street.
i bet he acted aloof like he didn't know me.
a little.
that is so franco.
bottom of the eighth, score tied at one apiece.
 two and one to paul o'neill.
you know bobby, it's very very hard to hit two home runs in one game.
 even for paul o'neill.
he can do it, mr.
 kramer.
 i know he can.
 he'll do it for me.
'klick! long fly ball into deep left field over bell's head .
 .
 .
 o'neill's rounding second o'neill going for third, o'neill rounding .
 .
 .
come on come on!.
 .
 .
 third being waived in.
go! go!!.
 .
 .
 martinez throws it over alomar's head.
 o'neill is safe at home.
 and the yankees take the lead.
an in the park home run!yeay!all right! yeah, well, i guess i'll be on my way that's being scored a triple for paul o'neill with a throwing error charged to martinez.
hey, huh? that's not a home run.
 yeah, maybe not technically, but you said he'd hit two home runs.
oh, come on.
 bobby, bobby! that's just as good!well, you're not taking that card.
now, bobby, bobby, we had a deal .
 .
 .
 gimme that so, is the chop the way you like it?i usually like mine with an angioplasty.
you know something really stinks to high h holly! what are you doing here?what everyone does here.
 - cooking pork chops.
i'm uh, i'm meeting james here.
 he's bringing over your jacket.
what about the napkins?i didn't take your napkins.
then who did?ask jerry.
we could argue all night over who took the napkins.
 the point is in today's modern world it just doesn't seem relevant.
i still want to know what happened to that birthday card? now, morgan, did you ever sign it?no sir, george never gave it to me.
no, that's right, i didn't.
 i take full responsibility for the card not being here.
 i, uh, .
 .
 .
hi,what's this?oh, it's a birthday card.
 neill has to catch a fly ball in his hat.
george, this is beautiful.
 why didn't you tell me you were going to have it mounted like this?and you were probably just going to stick it in an envelope.
ha ha ha ha ha, george, keep up the good work.
ha ha, uh, well you screwed me again, costanza.
 how am i supposed to sign the card now when it's already under glass?uh, this is, excuse me.
 what are those dogs wearing?oh, bandanas, aren't they cute?you gave memma's napkins to some dogs?!hey, what happened to my jacket?oh, the dogs did that but it wasn't their fault, somebody stuffed some strange meat in the pocket.
was it mutton?could have been.
do you always stuff meat in your pocket?uh, sometimes i use the sofa.
you wanted to see me, mr.
 steinbrenner?yes, george, please, come in, come in.
thanks for the card.
 i loved it.
 gosh it made me feel good.
 you know, word has it that you were the brains behind the whole thing.
oh, no, not just me, the whole organization.
 especially mr.
 morgan.
morgan, morgan, you know his name is conspicuously absent from this card.
 almost like he went out of his way not to sign it.
oh no, morgan is a good man sir.
you can stop kowtowing to morgan.
 congratulations, you got his job.
wa, uh, thank you sir, you know i am not quite sure i'm right for it.
stop it george, he's out, you're in.
a lot more work you know.
i know.
a lot more responsibility.
 long long hours.
i know.
not much more money.
 but you'll finally get the recognition you deserve.
that's what i'm afraid of.
 you know mr.
 steinbrenner, .
 .
 .
you know as painfull as it is i had to let a few people go over the years.
 yogi berra, lou pinella, bucky dent, billy martin, dallas green, dick houser, bill virdon, billy martin, scott marrow, billy martin, bob lemmon, billy martin, gene michael, buck showalter, uh, tut!, .
 .
 .
george, you didn't hear that from me.
 .
 .
 .
 george! .
this catalog is all about how to score in a foreign country.
yeah.
 what do you do all day?not that much.
uh-uh.
i thought that new promotion was supposed to be a lot more work.
yeah, when the season starts.
 right now, i sit around pretending that i'm busy.
how do you pull that off?i always look annoyed.
 yeah, when you look annoyed all the time, people think that you're busy.
 think about it .
yeah, you do! he looks very busy!yeah, he looks busy! yeah!i know what i'm doin'.
 in fact mr.
 wilhelm gave me one of those little stress dolls.
 all right.
  so did you come up with a little stupid story for the himalayan walking shoe yet?no.
 i'm completely blocked! in fact, i'm gonna work on it tonight.
 oh.
 oh no! oh, i can't! i got that marathon runner coming in tonight.
what marathon runner?you know, this guy jean-paul, jean-paul i met him when i was working at pendant, editing a book on running oh, wait! jean-paul, jean-paul! isn't he the guy who overslept at the olympics years ago and missed the marathon?!yeah, that's him.
he's from uh trinidad and tobago, right?yeah, he's trinidadian and tobagan.
 how do you oversleep at the olympics ?ah, i know.
 i know !i mean, it's like the biggest event of your life! you'd think you'd have, like, alarm clocks, payin'-off little kids in the village to come banging on your door yeah, well, he was pretty devastated.
 this is his first race in years.
ah that's a big responsability on your hands.
what responsibility? i don't have any responsibility.
you gotta wake him up!eh he'll get up hi, judy.
hi, elaine.
 how are you?fine.
 i've seen her in your building.
yeah.
i didn't know she was married.
 t say anything to anybody.
whom i gonna tell?i know, it's just something you have to say george, we just got the final budget numbers.
 we went over budget on some of the items, but i don't think there's gonna be a problem.
 he overslept and missed the whole race.
 isn't that amazing?i'll tell you what happened.
 i bet he got the am/pm mixed-up.
my money's on the snooze.
 i bet he hit the snooze for an extra and it never came back on.
 imagine your whole life riding on an alarm clock.
alarm clocks? i never use em.
 don't trust em.
what do you do?i have a uh mental alarm.
 i set my head for quarter to seven and i get up!always works?it never fails.
 see, it's based on your body clock.
 see, your body has an internal mechanism.
 it knows what time it is.
uh-uh.
 what's with the bucket?lomez, he sold me his hot tub.
hot tub?yeah yeah, it's in my living room.
 i just gotta fill it.
 you put a hot tub in your living room?oh, it's a beauty! it's got these high-volume aqua-sage jets oscillating and pulsating, soothing your every aching muscle.
 the water's gonna get over degrees! is that tolerable?oh it's tolerable ! isn't that the same temperature the coffee that scalded you?oh, i think it's a little cooler than that he uh doesn't have any running water?i don't ask those kind of questions anymore.
jerry.
 jerry, this is jean-paul.
ah, hi jean-paul.
 nice to meet you.
nice to meet you.
sorry about the olympics.
me too.
 listen, listen i'm gonna go call work to see if i can get my deadline extended.
 i can't come up with anything for this thing.
ah catalog writer's block?yeah, that's funny.
  t it?man, it wasn't the snooze.
 most people think it was the snooze, but no, no snooze.
am/pm.
man, it wasn't the am/pm.
 it was the volume.
ah the volume.
yes, the volume.
 there was a separate knob for the radio alarm.
ah, separate knob.
yes, separate knob.
 why separate knob?! why separate knob?! some people like to have the radio alarm a little louder than the radio.
oh, please, man, please!don't worry, it's not gonna happen again.
 not if i have anything to say about it.
elaine, what's the alarm clock situation in your house?jerry it's a simple question i've got an alarm, ok?that old one? didn't i once miss a flight to cleveland because of that alarm clock?flight to cleveland?it works.
elaine it works!eh come oooon george i think you may be taking work a little too seriously.
well i've got a lot to do!george, i'll tell you what i'd like you to do.
 i, i'd like you to drop everything.
i have this fun little assignment i think you'll enjoy.
 there's some reps in from the houston astros for talks on that interleague play and i want you to show them a good time.
 hey.
 sorry i'm late.
you're minutes late.
 what happened?i got held up.
 do you mind if i heat this muffin up?no.
what? what is the problem?well, you said you were gonna be here at a certain time, and you weren't.
uh-uh.
 uh-uh.
 and this all means uh what?well, means that a man has come from very far away to compete in a very difficult race, he's put his faith in you, and frankly, i'm a little concerned!oh are you?!yes i am.
hey, i'm not running in the marathon! he is!yeah, i know that!yeah, i got enough to think about just tryin to come up with some load o'crap for that himalayan walking shoe! i mean, i've given him a place to stay, i'll set an alarm, but i'm not gonna turn my life completely upside down for this guy!i'm not talking about upside down.
 m talking about waking him up!hey, jean-paul.
hey, jean-paul.
 how was your soak? was a good soak?ah, man, very good soak.
 the soak o'the year! s burning?oh! what happened?oh i don't know.
 i set this thing for seconds.
this was set for minutes.
 see? t say anything!you miss-set the timer  s go.
ok.
 ll see you at the race, ok?yeah.
 i hope so ?!oh that's cute! kramer, i'm tellin you, elaine doesn't know whatta hell she's doin'! i gotta take over this whole operation!jerry, look how tense you are you need to take a soak.
i'm not taking a soak in that human bacteria frat you got goin there.
come on, i'm tellin you, it's great.
 i opened up all the windows the air is cold, the tub is boiling hot it's like sweden, man.
 sweeeeden!  'till this bastard over here says: let's call the sons o'bitches and go visit em on new york!  re certainly glad that you could make it.
i like your organization, george.
 we've been talkin to a really friendly son of a bitch in the front office.
 wilhelm, i think his name.
oh yes, mr.
wilhelm, yeah he told us that george costanza was gonna be takin us bastards out on the town.
 finish your drink?oh yeah, al-almost.
 almost.
let's get that bastard bring us another round! you a big drinker, george?well maybe not as much as this bastard jean-paul, i asked you down here this morning because i'm concerned.
 concerned that tomorrow is perhaps the biggest race of your entire career.
 and the person with whom you have chosen to stay is uh what are you saying?i'm saying get the hell outta there'! let me put you in a hotel.
 you'll be comfortable, you'll be near the starting line, and most importantly you'll have a wake-up call, jean-paul! a wake-up call!wake-up call these people never fail.
 they sit in a room with a big clock all night long, just waitin to make that call! no, i will stay with elaine.
 it would be rude.
hey, you bastards.
hey, how was the meeting?i really like those sons of bitches.
sons of bitches?yeah! that's how they talk.
 you know, everyone's either a bastard or a son of a bitch.
 yeah, it's like uh 'boy, that son of a bitch box can really hit, uh?! really?!yeah, yeah.
 that's how they talk in the major league.
 heeeeey how many sweaters you got on?oh four.
 tea? boiling hot.
what's goin'on?i fell asleep in the hot tub and the heat pump broke.
 water went down to degrees.
 i can't get my core temperature back up!your core temperature? yeah, feel.
phew this son of a bitch is ice-cold.
 hello?uh is that you, george? s me.
 is this clayton?well listen, you son of a bitch! you know where we are? feet above your head, you bastard! what are they doin lettin you bastards on an airplane? don't they know that's against faa regulation? t hear him!listen.
 i want you guys to send along those agreements the minute you land.
 our boys can't wait to kick your butts! to houston?hey, zeke wants to know when you yankee bastards are comin to houston!you tell that son of a bitch no yankee is ever comin to houston.
 not as long as you bastards are running things.
hey, uh, speak up, george, i can't hear ya! to houston! not as long as you bastards are running things!george! george, get a hold of yourself!mr.
wilhelm what's the matter with you?!well i-i  hello.
hello.
i'm a friend of elaine's.
oh, hi.
 whatta hell are you doin harassing my tenants? m just trying to be friendly.
all right, that's it! s go!what but i got a race tomorrow!whoa it's like a furnace in here!oh whatta hell is goin'on?!yeah, i turned up the heat.
turn up the heat in your apartment! i'm freezin'! i just need to get my hot tub running.
 i'm waiting for my new heat pump.
well what's in this giant box out in the hall?uh? oh that must be it.
it's huge!yeah, yeah, i got the biggest one they had.
 it's industrial strength.
 btu's.
hello? yeah, i can be there in minutes you can count on me!  what?i got the call !jean-paul? pretty lucky to find this hotel, jean-paul.
man, i just want to get some sleep.
 all right.
 what kinda music you wanna wake up to? top , classical man, whatever! how about adult contemporary?fine, adult contemporary.
 just pick one! all right we're going with adult contempo yes, yes, the wake-up guy.
 front desk ?yeah, this is room , i'd like a wake-up call for : am tomorrow morning.
yes sir.
that's room .
 : am.
 four one niner yes, i got it sir.
 you only had to say it once.
i know, but it's a very important wake-up call and i don't wanna take any chances.
every wake-up call i make is important.
 you're no more important than any of our guests.
well, i just don't wanna get into a whole thing with you here are you through?  yeah i am, but i just humm what is it ?i think i offended the wake-up guy ! no, no.
 s got it in for me!man, he doesn't got in for you.
what if he doesn't call now out of spite?it is his job! for god's sake ! jean-paul? oh machine.
i'm not here, leave a message.
jerry, jerry, jean-paul's missing! he's alone in the city! call me back.
 judy, hi, listen you have got some nerve, elaine! i told you about that baby in confidence!oh i didn't tell anyone.
well your friend certainly seemed to know all about it.
  jerry! feel much better here at my home base, jean-paul.
 it's a controlled environment.
it's a marathon, you know.
 miles! i need to get some sleep! hey, believe me, if i'd been with you there in barcelona you'd be polishing that medal right now.
 left a comfortable hotel bedroom for this!that wake-up guy was trouble! all right, i'll be right back.
  man that thing is noisy! re almost up to degrees!yeah, listen, do me a favor.
 set your mental alarm for : and gimme a call.
yeah, ok.
 wait.
 he's put his faith in you.
 he's put his faith in you.
i trust elaine, she is my friend.
 i trust elaine, she is my friend.
frankly, i'm a little concerned.
ohhh, i'm exhausted.
 i've been on this street a thousand times! it's never looked so strange! the faces so cold! in the distance, a child is crying.
 fatherless a bastard child, perhaps.
 my back aches my heart aches but my feet yes! : ? aaa-aaahhh! eight forty seven jean-paul! wake up! wake uuuuup! : !? come on, just put your clothes on! you'll get dressed in the car!idiot! i trusted you!kramer, what happened to the building?! the electricity went out!yeah, the heat pump blew all the fuses!what happened to your mental alarm?!i guess i hit the snooze make way! i've got-i've got a runner here! get outta the way! make way! make way! make way, it's a contender! hey, hold it!i'm late, man, i'm in the race!go ahead.
thank you jerry, you're a wonderful driver.
 fantastic route, man!all right, go, it's a race! come on!you wanted to see me, mr.
steinbrenner?yes, george, come in, come in.
 george, word up's you've been cracking under the pressure.
 can't cope, can't stand the heat.
 spit the bit.
oh no, mr.
steinbrenner, i can explain oh we all get a little cuckoo sometimes george, i used to be like you.
 rating personnel till they cried, calling managers on the field during a game, threatening to move the team to new jersey, just to upset people.
 then i found a way to relax.
 i've got two words to say to you, george hot tub.
 i'm tellin'you, i never told anyone about that baby.
 i never even went near your building!then how did she find out, jerry?!maybe you should check with the rabbi.
 you want some hot tea?oh no, thank you.
oh.
 there's some runners.
 here they come!there's jean-paul! he's up front! he's leading! oh yeah! yeah! come on! come on, let's go jean-paul!go jean-paaaaaul!how're you enjoying it, george? melts that tension away, doesn't it? you gotta get that jet on the good spot.
 oh.
 oh.
 uh.
 uh.
 yes, that feels good.
 yes, that's real good.
 oh yeah, that's where i keep all my tension.
 right down to that chicken bone.
 sometimes i get my wife to just stuck her thumb right in there like a screwdriver.
 ya know, the phillips head, not the flat one.
 oh god, those flat ones frustrate me.
 you got it in, but it slips out.
 you put it in again, slips out again.
 you a single man, george? well, i-i just recently uh i'll tell you, if you wanna get something wild goin'on in your life, you get a girl and bring her to one o'these things.
 just like shots a wild turkey.
 t think he liked me very much, you know.
all right.
 so, what theatre you wanna go to tonight? we got st and rd or th and broadway.
which one you wanna go to shmoopy?you called me shmoppy.
 you're a shmoopy.
you're a shmoopy!you're a shmoopy!you're a shmoopy!all right, shmoopies what's it gonna be? pick a theater.
uh, we'll go to rd avenue.
 so, can you come with us for lunch to the soup place?no.
 you have a good lunch.
 but i'll meet you back here for the movie.
hey.
hey.
hi elaine.
hi sheila.
all right, then.
 i'll see you later.
bye shmoopy.
bye shmoopy.
okay.
 we ready to go?yes.
 please.
 please, let's go.
boy, i'm in the mood for a cheeseburger.
no.
 we gotta go to the soup place.
what soup place?oh, there's a soup stand, kramer's been going there.
he's always raving.
 i finally got a chance to go there the other day, and i tell you this, you will be stunned.
stunned by soup?you can't eat this soup standing up, your knees buckle.
huh.
 all right.
 come on.
there's only one caveat -- the guy who runs the place is a little temperamental, especially about the ordering procedure.
 he's secretly referred to as the soup nazi.
why? what happens if you don't order right?he yells and you don't get your soup.
what?just follow the ordering procedure and you will be fine.
all right.
 all right.
 let's - let's go over that again.
all right.
 as you walk in the place move immediately to your right.
what?the main thing is to keep the line moving.
all right.
 so, you hold out your money, speak your soup in a loud, clear voice, step to the left and receive.
right.
 it's very important not to embellish on your order.
 no extraneous comments.
 no questions.
 no compliments.
oh, boy, i'm really scared!elaine.
all right.
 jerry, that's enough now about the soup nazi.
 whoa! wow! look at this.
 you know what this is? this is an antique armoire.
 wow! it's french.
 armoire.
ar-moire.
how much is this?i was asking , but you got a nice face.
 even.
huh? ha.
 .
 you know, i've always wanted one of these things.
he gave you the nice face discount.
yeah.
 all right.
 you guys go ahead.
what about the soup?i'm getting an armoire, jerry.
[in french accent] pardon.
this line is huge.
it's like this all the time.
isn't that that bania guy?oh, no.
 it is.
 just be still.
whoop! too late.
 i think he picked up the scent.
hey, jerry! i didn't know you liked soup.
hard to believe.
this guy makes the best soup in the city, jerry.
 the best.
 you know what they call him? soup nazi.
shhhhh! all right, bania, i - i'm not letting you cut in line.
why not?because if he catches us, we'll never be able to get soup again.
okay.
 okay.
medium turkey chili.
medium crab bisque.
i didn't get any bread.
just forget it.
 let it go.
um, excuse me, i - i think you forgot my bread.
bread -- $ extra.
$ ? but everyone in front of me got free bread.
you want bread?yes, please.
$ !what?no soup for you! [snaps fingers]what do you mean i can't bring in here? i live here.
its sunday, elaine.
 there's no moving on sunday.
 that's the rule.
but i didn't know, tom.
 i g -- can't you just make an exception? please.
 i've got a nice face.
tomorrow, okay? you can move it in tommorrow.
 i'll even give you a hand, all right?ohh! well, you're just gonna have to hold this for me.
i'm a guy on the sidewalk.
 i don't have layaway.
oh, no please don't go.
 please - please don't walk away.
oh, man.
 ohh! this is fantastic.
 how does he do it?you know, i don't see how you can sit there eating that and not even offer me any?i gave you a taste.
 what do you want?why can't we share?i told you not to say anything.
 you can't go in there, brazenly flaunt the rules and then think i'm gonna share with you!do you hear yourself?i'm sorry.
 this is what comes from living under a nazi regime.
well, i gotta go back there and try again.
 hi sheila.
hi.
 hi shmoopy.
hi shmoopy.
no, you're a shmoopy!you're a shmoopy!i'm going.
hey, listen, so we'll meet you and susan at the movie tonight?you know what? i changed my mind.
 i, uh, i don't think so.
why?i just don't feel like it anymore.
just like that?just like that.
boy, he's a weird guy, isn't he?hey.
hey.
[taking jerry's couch cushion] yeah.
hey.
 hey.
 hey.
 hey.
 hey.
 hey.
 hey.
 wha -- what are you doing?yeah.
 elaine, she has to leave her armoire on the street all night i'm gonna guard it for her.
 i need something to sit on.
well, sit on one of your couch cushions.
yeah, but this is so nice and thick.
 ahoy there!oh, kramer! thank god.
 i really appreciate you doing this.
yeah.
 well, you ask for it, you got it.
do you need anything?well, a bowl of muligatawny would hit the spot.
mulligatawny?yeah.
 it's an indian soup.
 it's simmered to perfection by one of the great soup artisans in the modern era.
oh! who? the soup nazi?he's not a nazi.
 he just happens to be a little eccentric.
 most geniuses are.
all right.
 i'll be back.
wait a second.
 you don't even know how to order.
oh, no.
 no.
 no.
 no.
 i got it.
no.
 no, elaine!hey, i got it.
 hey.
 didn't you already get soup?no.
 i didn't get it.
why? what happened?i made a mistake.
[laughing]all right.
 well, we'll see what happens to you.
yeah.
 no.
 listen, george, i am quite certain i'm walking out of there with a bowl of soup.
yeah.
 hey, let ask you something.
 is it just me, or - or do you find it unbearable to be around jerry and that girl?oh, i know! it is awful!why do they have to do that in front of people?i don't know.
what is that with the shmoopy?ohh!the shmoopy, shmoopy, shmoopy, shmmopy, shmoopy!ohh! stop it! i know.
i had to listen to a five minute discussion on which one is actually called shmoopy.
ugh!and i cancelled plans to go to the movies with them tonight.
you know, we should say something.
you know, we absolutely should.
i mean, why does he do that? doesn't he know what a huge turnoff that is?i don't know.
 he can be so weird sometimes.
yeah.
i still haven't figured him out.
no.
 me neither.
all right.
 shh! i gotta focus.
 i'm shifting into soup mode.
oh, god!good afternoon.
 one large crab bisque to go.
 bread.
 beautiful.
you're pushing your luck little man.
sorry.
 thank you.
hi there.
 um, uh -- [drumming on countertop] oh! oh! oh! one mulligatawny and, um .
 what is that right there? is that lima bean?yes.
never been a big fan.
 [coughing] um you know what? has anyone ever told you you look exactly like al pacino? you know, scent of a woman.
 who-ah! who-ah!very good.
 very good.
well, i --you know something?hmmm?no soup for you!what?come back one year! next!look at this.
it's an antique.
it's all hand made and i love the in-lay.
yes.
 yes.
 me, too.
 ay, it's gorgeous.
 completely.
 pick it up.
 no.
 no.
 pick it up from the bottom over there.
wait.
 wait.
 wait.
 wait.
 what are you doing?what does it look like we're doing? we're taking this.
you can't take this.
 this belongs to a friend of mine.
look, you wanna get hurt?huh?i don't think you wanna get hurt.
 because if you wanna get hurt i can hurt you.
 now, just back off.
bob.
just pick it up.
what is this, huh?you have some kind of problem here? what is it you not understanding? we taking the armoire and that's all there is to it.
 okay?i mean, is he allowed to do this? it's discrimination! i'm gonna call the states attorney office.
 i really am.
oh, this is fabulous.
 my god elaine, you have to taste this.
all right.
 all right.
 give me a tsate.
 mmm! oh god, i gotta sit down.
 what happened? where's my armoire?well, b -- it was stolen.
wha--?these street toughs, they robbed me.
street toughs took my armoire?yeah.
 it was very frightening.
 my life was in danger.
 you should've seen the way they talked to me.
i can't believe this!well, where's the soup?wha -- the soup nazi threw me out.
oh yeah!what are you gonna get?i'll decide at the last minute.
you better decide, sister.
 you're on deck.
 sheila!uh-oh.
hey, what is this? you're kissing in my line? nobody kisses in my line!i can kiss anywhere i want to.
you just cost yourself a soup!how dare you? come on, jerry, we're leaving.
 jerry?do i know you?so, essentially, you chose soup over a woman?it was a bisque.
yeah.
 you know what i just realized? suddenly, george has become much more normal than you.
really?yeah.
 come on.
 i mean, think about it.
 he's engaged to be married.
 your top priority is soup.
have you tastes the soup?yeah.
 all right.
 you made the right decision.
see, the way i figure it, it's much easier to patch things up with sheila than with the soup nazi.
hey.
yeah.
hey.
yeah.
oh, thanks.
there he is.
elaine, i'm really sorry about the armoire.
yeah.
 i know.
 me, too.
so, did these thieves want any money?no.
they just wanted the armoire?yeah.
 they were quite taken with it.
yeah?hup! hup!hey, have you noticed george is acting a little strange lately?no.
 in what way?i don't know.
 a lot of attitude, like he's better than me, or something.
i don't think george has ever thought he's better than anybody.
hello.
hello.
hey.
hello.
hello.
were you just talking about me? what's going on?absolutely not.
something's going on here.
all right, [claps hands] i'm gonna go get some soup.
one of these days that guy is gonna get his.
so, how was the movie?aw, we didn't go.
 sheila and i are kind of on the outs.
oh, yeah?yeah.
 wha - wha - what are you, happy?happy? why should i be happy?i don't know, but you look like you're happy.
why should i care?you can't fool me.
 don't insult me, george because i know when you're happy.
all right.
 i am happy, and i'll tell ya why -- because the two of you were making me and every one of your friends sick! right, elaine?is that so?yeah.
 yeah.
 with all that kissing and the shmoopy, shmoopy, shmoopy, shmoopy, shmoopy out in public like that.
 it's disgusting!disgusting?people who do that should be arrested.
well, i guess i have all the more reason to get back with her.
ye - yeah.
 and we had a pact, you know.
what?you shook my hand in that coffee shop.
you're still with the pact?mmm-hmm.
 you reneged.
all i did was shake your hand.
ah-ha!and then they just ran off with the armoire, just like that.
ohh! this city.
one large jambalaya, please.
so, continue.
well, my friend is awful disappointed is all.
 you know, she's very emotional.
thank you.
 [inhaling deeply] jambalaya!all right, now listen to me.
 you have been a good friend.
 i have an armoire in my basement.
 if you want to pick it up, you're welcome to it.
 so, take it, it's yours.
how can i possibly thank you?you are the only one who understands me.
you suffer for your soup.
yes.
 that is right.
you demand perfection from yourself, from your soup.
how can i tolerate any less from my customer?uh, gazpacho, por favor.
por favor?um, i'm part spanish.
adios muchacho!git.
it was stupid of me.
well, it was very insulting.
no.
 i know.
 i - i was really sort of half-kidding.
well, behind every joke there's some truth.
what about that bavarian cream pie joke i told you? there's no truth to that.
 nobody with a terminal illness goes from the united states to europe for a piece of bavarian cream pie and then when they get there and they don't have it he says aw, i'll just have some coffee.
 there's no truth to that.
well, i guess you're right.
so, am i forgiven, shmoopy?yes, shmoopy.
aw!hey, jerry!oh, hi susan, george.
 you remember sheila.
oh, yes.
 hello.
hello.
 won't you join us?no, thanks.
of course.
yes.
 well -- so, uh, sit on the same side at a booth, huh?yeah.
 that's right.
 you got a problem?i, uh, just think it's a little unusual.
 two people to sit on one side and leave the other side empty.
well, we're changing the rules.
ahh.
 good for you.
aw, what are you getting george?i don't know, honey.
 what do you want to get? [in babying voice] i want you to get anything you want 'cause i love you so much.
 i want you to be happy.
 okay, sweetie?oh, george, you're so sweet.
well, i could be a little sweetie tweetie weetie weetie.
aww!what about you, shmoopy? how bout a little tuna? you want a little tuna fishy?yeah.
yum yum little tuna fishy?come here.
and voila![gasps]yeah.
oh! oh, i love it! i absolutely love it!yeah.
 did the k man do it or did the k man do it?the k man did it!yeah![laughing] how much did you pay for this thing?how bout zero?what?yeah.
what? who's was it? where'd you get it?i'll tell ya where i got it.
 i got it from the guy you so callously refer to as the soup nazi.
get out!the soup nazi gave it to you?yeah.
why?well, i told him the whole story and he just let me have it.
 wha -- yeah.
 he's a wonderful man.
[gasps]yeah.
 well, a little bit misunderstood but, uh .
well, i'm just gonna go down there and personally thank him.
 i mean, i had this guy all wrong.
 this is wonderful!yeah.
 well, he's a dear.
how much tip do you leave on $ .
 ?you know sweetie, i just want you to know that i was so proud of you today expressing your feelings so freely in front of jerry and all.
 just knowing that you're not afraid of those things is such a great step forward in our relationship.
huh?[in babying voice] because you love your little kiki don't you?how is he today?i think he's in a good mood.
hi.
 you know, kramer gave me the armoire and it is so beautiful.
 i'm mean, i just can't tell you how much i appreciate it.
you? if i knew it was for you, i never would have given it to him in the first place! i would have taken a hatchet and smashed it to pieces! now, who wants soup? next! speak up!i'm heading over to elaine's.
oh.
 jerry, those are the guys that mugged me for the armoire.
those two?yeah.
are you sure?yeah.
 that's them.
well, let's confront em.
no.
 no.
 no.
 no.
 let's get a cop.
there's no cops around.
 they're gonna leave.
 come on.
no!let's go.
oh, wow look, that one is gorgeous.
 i would just kill for that one.
oh, not in blue.
 blue does not go with all.
oh, please.
 do you know what you're talking about? because i don't think you know what you're talking about.
 take a look at that.
excuse me.
are you talking to me?uh, well, uh, we --i said, are you talking to me?well, maybe, he was talking to me.
 was you talking to him? because you was obviously talking to one of us.
 so what is it? who?! who was you talking to?!well, wha -- i, uh -- uh, we were kind of, uh, talking to each other, weren't we?i mean, you know, i've never been so insulted in my entire life.
 there's something really wrong with this man.
 he is a soup nazi.
 what? what is that?i don't know.
 cups chopped porcine mushrooms, half a cup of olive oil, pounds of celery, chopped parsley 'let me see this.
 [gasps] you know what this is? this is a recipe for soup, and look at this.
 there are like thirty different recipes.
 these are his recipes!so?so? so, his secret's out.
 don't you see? i could give these to every restaurant in town.
 i could have em published! i could - i could drop fliers from a plane above the city.
wait a second, elaine.
 where do you think you're going?what do you care?elaine, i don't want you causing any trouble down at that soup stand.
 i happen to love that soup.
get out of my way, jerry.
elaine, let the man make his soup!don't make me hurt you, jerry.
look, they have it in blue for my baby bluey.
 are you my baby bluey?oh, yes.
 i - i'm your baby bluey.
well.
 well.
hi, jerry.
hey, susan, george.
you know, i really like sheila a lot.
oh, really?mmm-hmm.
because we're kind of not seeing each other anymore.
oh, no! that's too bad.
yeah.
 well, she was very affectionate - which i love.
 you know i love that - but mentally, we couldn't quite make the connection.
really?yeah.
 too bad, cause you gotta have the affection - which you obviously have.
 i think it's great that you're so open with your affections in public.
 see, we had that.
mmm-hmm.
you did?oh, yeah.
 but the mental thing.
 but anyway.
 i'll see ya.
yeah.
 see ya.
go on! leave! get out!but i didn't do anything.
next!hello.
you.
 you think you can get soup? please.
 you're wasting everyone's time.
i don't want soup.
 i can make my own soup.
 cups chopped porcine mushrooms, half a cup of olive oil, pounds celery.
'that is my recipe for wild mushroom.
yeah, that's right.
 i got em all.
 cold cucumber, corn and crab chowder, mulligatawny.
mulliga tawny?you're through soup nazi.
 pack it up.
 no more soup for you.
 next![panting] jerry! jerry! jerry!what is it?something's happened with the soup nazi!wha - wha - what's the matter?elaine's down there causing all kinds of commotion.
 somehow she got a hold of his recipes and she says she's gonna drive him out of business! the soup nazi said that now that his recipes are out, he's not gonna make anymore soup! he's moving out of the country, moving to argentina! no more soup, jerry! no more for of us!well, where are you going?he's giving away what's left! i gotta go home and get a big pot!hey, i gotta get some cash, i'm gonna run down to the atm.
yeah, i better grab some too.
i'll get it for you; just give me your card.
you sure?yeah, just tell me your code.
my code?so why didn't you tell her the code?no.
 no way.
george, you're gonna marry this woman.
 most likely.
it says very clearly, for your protection, do not give your secret code to anyone.
'so you're taking relationship advice from chemical bank now?why does everything have to be us'? is there no me left? why can't there be some things just for me? is that so selfish?actually, that's the definition of selfish.
have you ever given your code to anyone?no one's ever asked.
 you want it? it's jor-el.
'superman's father on krypton.
of course.
 c'mon georgie, you wanna tell me.
 it's eating you up inside.
 sing it, sister.
no.
 i am not giving my code to anyone for any reason.
what if my life depended on it?if you're in some situation where some fast cash will save your life, i'll give you the code.
what's the matter with your leg?my foot fell asleep.
how'd your foot fall asleep?i crossed my legs, i forgot to alternate.
hey jerry.
hey fred.
hey fred.
my foot fell asleep.
you're lucky, at least you got something to do.
fred, do you know elaine?no, it's nice to meet you.
 well, i'm outta here, see you guys.
alright, bye.
seeya.
did you hear that? he said, nice to meet you.
'so?so? we've met before.
 at katie ash's party, we talked for like ten minutes.
and he didn't remember you?where are you going, you just got here?i gotta go talk to him.
excuse me, excuse me, fred?yeah?you just said, nice to meet you', but actually we've met before.
we have?yeah, at katie ash's party?what was your name again?elaine.
 you don't remember our conversation? i talked about how my uncle worked in the book depository building with lee harvey oswald?not ringing a bell.
when my uncle said to him, the president's been shot oswald winked at him and said, i'm gonna go catch a movie'?mmm, no.
that was right when we were in front of the bathroom door.
the bathroom door.
 i remember someone had played tic-tac-toe on it, and the x's won; they went diagonally from the top left to the bottom right.
hey that sounds great, i'd love to do some tv commercials, that should really be fun.
uh huh, okay, alright, bye.
 huh, how do you like that? i'm gonna do some tv spots for leapin larry's appliance store.
 that was leapin larry himself, i'm gonna meet with him tomorrow.
leapin larry! yeah, that's where i bought this.
what is that?well, it's an emergency band scanner, it picks up everything: fires, harbor patrol, even the police.
 i'm watching the watchers, jerry.
 uh oh, we got a big fire on th.
 i tell ya if could do it over again, i'd give it all up to be a fireman.
yeah, those civil servants who risk their lives really got it made.
when i was a kid, all i ever dreamed of was steering the back of that big hook and ladder.
you're lucky they let you drive a car.
no no no, they're talking the west side highway, at this time of day that's insane.
 they're heading straight into gridlock.
 oh, those fools.
what was that? eh.
alright.
 so, get a load of this.
 this guy, fred yerkes, remembers every little thing about that night except me.
really? i'm surprised, he doesn't meet that many women.
what are you saying?well, what's to be said? he didn't remember you.
yeah, but why? i mean, ya know.
i know.
ya know?yeah, i know.
huh, lookit, you got the new catalog.
yeah, you wrote a good piece on the himalayan walking shoe.
too good.
 peterman was so pleased, now he wants to take me out to dinner tomorrow.
 maybe you wanna come with me.
why would i wanna do that?oh please, jerry, please please please, i can't sit with him, he tells these stories, it's gonna be awful.
yeah, sounds like fun.
i want you to tell me, george.
why? why is my code so important?because, it's part of our relationship, it's an indication of trust.
 we're not supposed to keep secrets from one another.
well i'm sure you have secrets from me.
 i don't know anything about your cycles.
my cycles?yeah, i never know what's going on there.
well from now on i'll keep you apprised of my cycles.
please.
anything else?we're out of bosco!howbout this, come one down to leapin parry's if you can beat our prices, we'll give you the store.
ya know i've always liked your comedy, you don't take cheap shots.
no i don't.
sorry for keeping you here so long.
 again, i apologize for the mess.
 this renovation is killing me.
 s asleep again!when i lost my leg in the boating accident, i got so depressed about this damn prosthetic i thought i was gonna have to give up the business.
 but now i'm rejuvenated.
 let me show you around the store.
you know what? i'll be with you in a minute.
that is a great impression!larry, wait, you don't understand!i just came from leapin larry's.
 making fun of crippled people, is that what you've sunk to?i didn't do it on purpose, my foot fell asleep.
oh, oh your foot fell asleep.
ya know, the guy has one leg and he still calls himself leapin larry, you'd think he had a sense of humor about it.
well, you just joked yourself right out of that commercial, didn't you, munjamba?yup.
hup.
boy, look at that.
 se that's that fire i was listening to yesterday.
wow, the whole building burned down.
they just don't know what street to take.
 you remember that time i got us to yankee stadium in rush hour in fifteen minutes?of course.
it's all up here, jerry.
 all up here.
 it's innate.
the amazing thing is you never have any place to go.
where we gonna eat?we're gonna meet elaine and peterman at the chinese place.
peterman? nobody mentioned anything about peterman.
of course not, if i did would you have gone?no way.
there you go.
i don't even know peterman.
 how the hell am i gonna relax? i'm gonna have to be on all night.
 i don't like being on, jerry, i would much rather be off.
trust me, you're off.
oh, hi fred.
um, hello?it's elaine.
oh yeah, yeah, right.
how ya doin'?i'm depressed.
 i got this new shirt, the button fell off.
 once the button falls off, that's it.
 i'll never fix it.
yeah, that's too bad.
yeah, i'm gonna get some vitamins, i feel depleted.
hmm.
 i never take them.
cause they make you nauseous, right?yeah! yeah, that's right, you remembered!do you wanna have dinner tonight?hmm.
 tonight.
what, you have other plans?no, no no no, none that i can, um, remember.
 alright, you're locked up in a prison in turkey, i have your wallet.
 the only way i can bribe the guards to get you out is for you to give me your atm code.
call the embassy.
they're closed.
why?bomb threat.
we're in turkey?midnight express, my friend.
my card won't work there; they're not on the plus system.
you must be jerry seinfeld.
yes, hi, mr.
 peterman.
 this is, uh, george costanza.
j.
 peterman.
 j.
 crew.
well, is elaine here?oh, elaine just called, she won't be joining us.
 not to worry, i'll tell the maitre'd it'll just be the three bulls.
what's going on? he still wants to have dinner with us?without elaine? what for?what, is he crazy?we gotta get out of here.
 come on; weave your web, liar man.
i've got nothing, i-i-i-i'm blank.
george, what's the matter with you?i'm choking!ah, fong has been most accommodating.
 shall we?actually, you know i just remembered i promised this comedy club that i'd do a set tonight, so, terribly sorry.
i understand, no hard feelings.
 george and i will miss your company.
 fong? it will just be two this evening.
 george, we dine.
 t believe this, is this guy standing me up? and there, tucked into the river's bend was the object of my search.
 the gwon-jaya river market, fabrics and spices traded under a starlit sky.
 it was there that i discovered the pamplona beret.
 sizes seven-and-a-half through eight-and-three-quarters.
 price? thirty-five dollars.
howbout sports? do you follow sports?it's fourth and inches and the giants are going for it! you gotta love sports!you know, this is very nice, but i really could take a cab.
 really.
ha ha, nonsense, george.
 besides it gives me a chance to tell you about my latest trip to burma where i discovered a very unusual corduroy.
peterman here.
 what? oh no.
 alright, i'll be right there.
 s door.
 i just pray to god we can make it there in time.
i can't believe you blew us off; we were doing you the favor.
well, fred asked me out.
fred?yeah, and then he stood me up.
 i don't get this guy.
you see what's going on here? you're attracted to him because he can't remember anything about you.
i am? but that's so sick.
that's god's plan.
 he doesn't really want anyone to get together.
anyway, so how was the dinner?well, when i heard you weren't coming i made up and excuse and got the hell out of there.
what about georgie?nah, he didn't make it.
doctor, how is she?she's too weak to talk but she'll be happy to hear your voice.
mama, it's me.
 jacopo.
 i'm here for you, mama.
i'm, uh, george costanza.
 i was having dinner with your son.
shake off the dew, my friend.
yeah.
 what time is it?it's morning.
 thanks for seeing me through the night.
 i'll make us a pot of coffee, george.
 watch her, won't you?who?momma.
 just talk to her, george.
 the doctor seems to think it helps.
hi.
 i-i really should be getting back to my fianc&eacute;, you know, we, uh, we had this big fight yesterday and, uh, well she, she wants to-to know my secret code.
 i-i don't know, i can't tell her.
 the funny thing is, you know, i would really love to tell someone cause it's killing me.
 you uh, you wanna know what it is? it's bosco.
 you know, the chocolate syrup? i love that stuff, i pour it in milk, it's my favorite drink.
 hoo-hoo, boy, that is a relief!bosco.
 bosco.
oh, shhh.
 bosco!bosco! bosco! bosco!shut up! shut up!momma! what are you trying to say?bosco.
she's gone.
 bosco?you know this whole thing never would have happened if you hadn't bailed out on me at the restaurant.
i did not bail out on you.
well why couldn't you include me in your excuse?why didn't you come up with your own?i froze.
 i think i'm losing it.
ah, c'mon.
 maybe you're just in a slump?no, no.
 i reached down and there was there.
now peterman wants me to go to the funeral.
oh, come on, just tell me your code already.
 what is it?i am not giving you my code.
i'll bet i can guess it.
pssh.
 yeah.
 right.
oh, alright.
 yeah.
 uh, let's see.
 um, well, we can throw out birthdays immediately.
 that's too obvious.
 and no numbers for you, you're a word man.
 alright, let's go deeper.
 uh, what kind of man are you? well, you're weak, spineless, a man of temptations, but what tempts you?huh?you're a portly fellow, a bit long in the waistband.
 so what's your pleasure? is it the salty snacks you crave? no no no no no, yours is a sweet tooth.
get out of here.
oh you may stray, but you'll always return to your dark master, the cocoa bean.
i'm leaving.
 no, and only the purest syrup nectar can satisfy you!i gotta go.
if you could you'd guzzle it by the gallon! ovaltine! hershey's!shut up!nestl&eacute;'s quik!shut up!what was that?what?you just checked your watch.
 are you thinking of bailing on him?i got a date.
oh, mr.
 peterman.
oh, elaine.
 george, when momma said bosco she must have been trying to communicate something, a legacy, a dying wish perhaps.
mothers say things.
 my mother goes babbling on and on like a crazy person.
mr.
 peterman, you have my deepest sympathies.
 unfortunately, i've gotta get going.
you do?uh, yes, actually we-we both do.
i have a personal commitment.
well, personal, i mean, we both uh what is it?i'm speaking at a women's rights conference.
yes, and i'm speaking at a men's conference.
i don't believe that for a minute.
 well, elaine, it was good of you to stop by.
my pleasure.
fortunately, i still have george here to help me through this.
you know george, growing up as a boy in costa rica, i heard a rumor that momma had taken a lover.
 perhaps bosco was this man's name.
hey, you wanna come down the fire station with me?fire station?yeah, i made a map of my shortcuts.
 i'm gonna rock their world!nah, i gotta go down to leapin larry's.
oh, so he took you back.
yeah, we straightened it out, all is forgiven.
well, you know the important thing is that you learned something.
no i didn't.
well, mr.
 kramer, your list of short cuts is most impressive.
yeah, and this is just the upper west side.
 wait until i get to the village, then you're gonna see a magic show.
mr.
 kramer, just about every week some brash young hothead like yourself saunters in here talking about faster routes and snazzier colors for the trucks, well, fact is we feel things are fine the way they are.
anyway, thanks for having me back, and sorry about the misunderstanding.
water under the bridge.
 come on, i never did get a chance to show you around the store.
oh sure.
uh, again? ll be right there.
attention company , structure fire at leapin larry's appliance warehouse.
leapin larry's? hey, that's uptown.
 you gotta take amsterdam.
stay out of this, kramer.
are you ok, cowboy? where do you need to go?well, you'd better take it easy.
sorry about the other night but my mother called, she couldn't find her pills.
 i had to go into brooklyn to help her find her pills, and they were right there in the medicine cabinet.
 could you believe that?huh.
the worst part is getting from the subway station to the house.
 there's no transportation  s demented, listen to him  i could have taken a cab but if my mother saw me pull up in a cab, she'd start yelling at me, freddy! what are taking a cab for? it's so expensive! she's out of her mind.
 eventually, you'll meet her.
bosco.
 bosco.
 bosco.
george!gonna make a left onto broadway.
who is this?it's kramer!kramer?! what the hell are you doing back there?desoto's down, but cosmo's got the caboose.
how did this start?beats me.
where the hell's the fire department? i'm gonna lose the whole store!kramer, get the hell off of there.
 you're not trained to operate this equipment!hey, kramer!try the scanner, see if you can pick up anything.
what are you doing, kramer?! you're all over the road!don't worry, cap, i can handle it!kramer?you're losing control! hard right! hard right!ah, that's a shame.
the fire will eat up this entire block!look, there's a man in there.
 get out of there, you're in danger!but my sleeve, it's stuck in the machine, it ate my card!george, give me your atm card!i don't have my atm card.
george, you're obviously lying, anyone can see that!it's jammed! i'll slide it under the door,now give me your code!what?! why?the machine won't open without the code!george, give him your code!but i-i-i-george, there's no time! tell him your code! shout out your code, man!!the code!! the code!!hi.
 here's your cash, george.
hm.
 thanks.
and here's your card back.
 anyone for bosco?oh my god.
 look at this.
hm?it's the new j.
 peterman catalog.
 look.
the rogue's wallet.
 that's where he kept his card, his dirty little secret.
 short, devious, balding.
 his name was costanza.
 he killed my mother.
let me ask you a question.
 who would win in a fight between you and me?well, what do you mean?well if you and i ever got into, like a really serious fight you know, and the punches started flying -- who do you think would win?well i think that's pretty obvious.
yeah.
 me too.
hey elaine.
hey.
who, who, who do you think would win in a fight between me and ah, gorgeous george here.
 you mean in a real fight fight?mona a baldo .
george.
ah-ha! why?george fights dirty.
 really? what would you do?pull hair, poke eyes, groin stuff.
 whatever i gotta do.
 hmm.
so.
 listen you're not doing anything tomorrow, are you? because i have an extra ticket to the historical clothing exhibit at the met.
i'm sorry.
george?would i want to see what mary todd wore to lincoln's funeral?there's nobody i can go with.
you know what.
 i don't have one female friend left.
oh, no, of course you don't.
 you're a man's woman.
 you hate other women, and they hate you.
thank you.
so jerry, what time we going to the movies?ah, how about : ?saddle up and ride.
 you want to get something to eat first? m good.
i wonder if, ah, susan there's nothing more pathetic, than a grown man, who's afraid of a woman .
 hey, why don't cha ask susan?george's susan?yeah.
yeah.
 why not susan.
 i should be friends with susan.
 that's gunna be trouble.
why?jerry, don't you see? this world here, this is george's sanctuary.
 if susan comes into contact with this world, his world's collide.
 you know what happens then?ka shha shha shha pkooo did i tell you i'm getting a new telephone number?how come?whew, chicks man.
 too many chicks know my number.
 hey jerry.
 how are you mr.
 backstroke?kramer this is ramon, from the new health club i joined.
oh, yeah.
so you know what happened don't chu?no what?i got fired.
really?yeah, said i put too much chlorine in the pool.
ahh.
hey well, ah, stay out of the deep end, eh.
ok, see you later.
what's in the deep end?hello?hey george.
hey elainie.
 what's going on? nothing much, um.
 can i talk to susanha, yeah right, hang on, i'll ah, i'll get her for you.
 he, he, he, he.
 seriously, what's up?no, george really.
 can i talk to susan?susan, why?because i want to ask her to lunch and to the met tomorrow.
oh, i don't think you want to do that.
why not?well what would be the point of that?george, are you going to put her on the phone?where did this come from all of a sudden?george, are you going to let me talk to susan, or not?i really think i should have been consulted about this.
here something.
hello? oh, that sounds great.
 i love that sort of stuff.
you want to sit here?yeah.
 why?little buffer zone.
 thank you.
 if we were in my apartment and we were watching a movie on the couch, would we sit right next to each other?no.
 you got a point.
all right.
i can't what are you doing?well these seats have no lumbar.
oh hey, there's ramon.
 pre, pretend we're talking.
we are talking.
pretend it's interesting.
so, ah then, i ah had to kill him and ah, well the police are still looking for me.
that's shocking, but sounds hey, hi jerry.
oh, hey ramon.
hey, hey, i took a bunch of napkins.
 you want some?oh, no thanks.
 hey, ahhh, is this seat taken?no.
and then the worst part is, after the movie, he leached on to us we wound up having coffee with him for like two hours.
 then he walks us home, all the way back to the front of the building.
 finally i said, look ramon, i gotta go to bed now.
by the way, have you spoken to elaine yet today?no why? she called susan last night.
oh yeah, i know.
how do you know?well it was my idea.
your idea?yeah.
wha'd you do that for?she was looking for someone to go to the show with.
well that was a really stupid thing! you know what's going to happen now?world's collide.
 whe well yeah!because this world is your sanctuary and if that world comes into contact with --yes! it blows up! if you knew that, what did you tell elaine for?i didn't know.
 kramer told me about the worlds.
you couldn't figure out the world's theory for yourself? it's just common sense.
 anybody knows, ya gotta keep your worlds apart.
 yeah, i guess i slipped up.
hey.
hey.
hey.
he knows the worlds theory.
what is it blowing up?ha! cosmo, go.
 no, no, na, na.
 s driving me crazy -- wrong numbers, every five minutes.
what is it?well it's - .
 - .
yeah.
 s -filk.
what's filk?filk's nothing, but -film is movie phone.
oh movie phone.
yes, so people are just dialing it by mistake and getting you.
so, i'm filk?you're filk.
oh, mama.
well what about that number susan b.
 anthony wore to the th amendment party.
 hnuh.
 eye yye yye.
oh whoo.
 quite the d&egrave;colletage for a suffragette.
ha, ha, ha, ha, well it must have been one hell of a party.
whoo.
ha, ha, ha, ha.
oh, i know what i wanted to tell you.
what?ehahh, forget it.
what? you can tell me.
 i'll put it in the vault.
the vault?mm-hmm.
oh, well, i didn't actually go with ramon.
 i just bumped into him there.
 tell him to call us.
tell him, dustin says, hello.
'all right, i gotta go.
to see ramon?what else did you two do?oh, i don't know, you know, girlie stuff.
ah, so, ah, flower shows and, shopping for pretty bows, and then back to her place, strip down to bra and panties for a tickle fight?that's really what you think girls do, isn't it?yes, i do.
 all rightee.
 hey you know george isn't to happy, ahh, about your new friendship.
yeah? well i don't really give a sh hey man, what's going on?hey.
ooh, here we go.
 yeah hello.
 yeah, no, no, no, hold on.
yeah, cupid's rifle -- : , sony lincoln square.
 yeah, no, no, no, no problem, yeah.
you're looking up movies for people now?i got time.
and this.
  t want to talk to him.
just, just tell him about the picture.
 what's the matter with you? stop it.
 showing.
oh that's george.
 yeah? what?  wh, what is he doing here?who? who is ramon?he's the pool guy.
what pool guy?do me a favor.
 just stick around while he's here.
yeah, no problem.
you know, you have the slowest elevator in the entire city? that's hard to get used to when you're in so many other fast ones.
well, the apartment elevators are always slower than the offices, because you don't have to be home on time.
hee hey, hey jerry how are you, crazy guy?hey.
 so, ah, ramon this is my friend elaine.
yeah and i was just leaving.
 bye-bye jerry.
 so, ah, what are you doing around here ramon?well, i was in the neighborhood.
 i figured i'd check you out.
ah, actually, i ka, kinda had some things to do.
oh, oh yeah.
 wha? where you going?ah, just, you know, i don't know.
 stuff, i gotta do.
 hey that's cool.
 i'm up for some stuffall right.
so get this.
 i get down there, and right away, i see the drain is clogged.
 i mean it's obvious.
 can you believe it?all right ramon, i'm going to get going.
i think we should separate here actually.
what are you trying to say jerry?look ramon, you're, you're a nice guy.
 but i, i actually only have three friends.
 i really can't handle any more.
oh i see.
 it's cause i clean pools, right?that has nothing to do with it.
you su -- yeah, we got along real well.
you know, uh, she has no female friends! you know that, don't cha? something strange about a woman who's friends are all men.
yeah, i know.
 we talked all about that.
you talked all about that?oh yeah.
 elaine opened up her vault.
did you just say vault?yeah, why? did i use it wrong?you got that from elaine.
yeah.
 so what?well it's a little strange.
 you going to start to talk like elaine from now on?i don't know.
 anyway i thought we'd all go to a movie on friday.
we'd all go to movie on friday?yeah.
this is not good.
 world's are colliding! george is getting upset!ah you have no idea of the magnitude of this thing.
 if she is allowed to infiltrate this world, then george costanza as you know him, ceases to exist! you see, right now, i have relationship george, but there is also independent george.
 that's the george you know, the george you grew up with -- movie george, coffee shop george, liar george, bawdy george.
i, i love that george.
me too! and he's dying jerry! if relationship george walks through this door, he will kill independent george! a george, divided against itself, cannot stand!you're killing independent george! you know that, don't you?george i don't even want to get --you know what word susan used last night? hnuh.
 vault! hu,so?she got that from you!well, i didn't tell here to say it.
is she the only girl in the whole world? why can't you get find your own girl?i like her!you see so you want to catch a movie later?ahh, yeah, sure.
i don't have a paper though.
hmm.
 hewwo and welcome to movie phone.
 brought to you by the new york times and hot .
 coming to theaters this friday kevin bacon, susan sarandon -- you've got to get me over that mountain! 'now d like to see, press .
kramer, is that you?elaine?uh, what time does chow fun start?i don't know.
well, well.
 look who's here.
ramon, what are you doing here? you could get in trouble.
no, i don't think so jerry.
 you see they gave me my job back.
what?i'm a pool boy again.
look ramon, about the other day.
 i'm sorry if i offended you.
 i get a little crabby on the subway.
do you?what happened to all the towels?oh, ah, i guess they must have disappeared.
 hey jerry.
 look at all the towels they gave me! i really hit the jackpot! ha, ha, ha.
it's been a terrible situation down there the past couple of days.
 he's really been making things uncomfortable for me.
 there's always a big pile of dirty towels in front of my locker uh-huh.
and then when i come out of the pool, my towel's always gone.
uhh, so frustrating!tell me about it.
uhh, so you want to join me and susan for lunch at the coffee shop?you're meeting susan for lunch at the coffee shop?yeah.
i'm meeting george for lunch at the coffee shop.
oh, huh.
 well, this should be very interesting.
hey! elaine! jerry.
 over here!there they are.
yeah, look who i ran into.
hey.
yeah.
 yeah.
ahh.
come on jerry.
 aren't you going to join us?ah, you know.
 i'm supposed to meet, eh, someone -- i'll, i'll wait for them outside.
 yeah, wait here.
 come on, sit down.
 what's the matter with you?this is gonna to be ugly.
 what's that jerry? i said, boy am i ugly.
oh, hey, hey, georgie boy, over here.
one, two three, four.
ha ho! hey george!we'll pull up another chair.
i see you there ramon.
hey, l'll just keep swimming.
 hey, hey.
 i'm not done.
 i know what you're up to ramon.
 because i'm a member here, this is my place to swim.
hey, you better cut it out ramon.
 just stop it.
oh.
olly, olly, oxen, free! i think he's gonna need, mouth-to-mouth resuscitation.
mouth-to-mouth?yeah.
huh.
well? go ahead.
you go.
you knocked him out.
yeah, but you pulled him in.
come on newman.
 do it.
nah.
he might die.
yeah.
 maybe.
 t wait any longer.
elaine, where could he be? it's not like george to just disappear.
look, let's just leave him a note, okay?oh, i don't know.
oh, come on, come on, come on.
 love?yeah.
'love susan.
'so eventually these people came and, somebody, gave him mouth-to-mouth.
he could have diedyeah, it was a gamble.
why didn't you give him mouth-to-mouth?ah.
 how can you possibly show your face there again?oh i can't.
 they revoked my membership.
 newman too.
 you know, we can't go anywhere near there.
hi, ah, three for chunnel -- two adults one child.
 what the hell is this? george, elaine and i went to see chunnel with jerry.
 with jerry, huh? with jerry! great.
 great! s where i always go with jerry.
hewwo and welcome to movie phone.
 if you know the name of the movie you'd like to see, press one.
come on.
 come on.
using your touch-tone keypad, please enter the first three letters of the movie title, now.
you've selected agent zero? if that's correct, press one.
what?ah, you've selected brown-eyed girl? if this is correct, press one.
why don't you just tell me the name of the movie you've selected.
chunnel ?to find the theater nearest you, please enter your five digit zip-code, now.
why don't you just tell me where you want to see the movie?lowes paragon, th and broadway.
 pm.
yeah, now i gotcha! it's also playing in theater number two at : .
jerry where are you? i know you like to sit back here.
 elaine! susan!shh!i can't figure out what's going on here.
 i can't follow the plot.
 why did they kill that guy? i thought he was with them?no, no.
 that's not the guy.
 that's a different guy.
what is he doing in the chunnel?would you two, please?susan! jerry! where are you? i know you're there! answer me! hey.
 hey.
 answer me! come on, show yourselves! drink your soda! come on! i know you're there, laughing at me.
 laughing and lying and laughing! i had to go to reggies, jerry! reggies! where are you! yeah, yeah, yeah.
 chunnel .
 susan! two theaters? oh.
 sorry.
i thought that was pretty good, huh?wha'd you think susan?oh, i don't know.
 i couldn't hear anything.
 you, you talked the whole movie.
oh, well come on.
 you want to go grab a bite to eat?yeah.
ah, no.
 i don't think so.
why not?well you know, all you guys ever do is sit around the coffee shop talking, sit around jerry's apartment talking.
 frankly, i don't know how you can stand it.
 i'll see you.
i know they're in there, the three of them, laughing at me.
 together, laughing and lying.
let's go pal.
they're -- they're killing independent george! and they're, they're all in on it! world's are colliding!hello, and welcome to your worst nightmare.
 d like to wait, before i break this door down.
 please select now.
hey, boys and girls.
 i need you both to sponsor me in the aids walk.
is that tomorrow?yeah, yeah, so git-git well, i admire you for joining the fight against aids.
well, if i didn't do something i wouldn't be able to live with myself.
it's hard enough living next door.
i tell ya, there's some people, they just wear a ribbon and they think they're doin something? not me.
 i talk the talk, and i walk the walk, baby.
 ll be right back.
new jeans?yeah.
still a waist?yep.
 since college.
 s on this list.
lena small?yeah, that girl i was gonna call for a date, she was unlisted and now here's her number.
oh, you're not gonna cop a girl's phone number off an aids charity list!elaine, you should admire me i'm aspiring to date a giving person.
you're a taking person.
that's why i should date a giving person.
 if i date a taking person, everyone's taking, taking, taking, no one's giving - it's bedlam.
she's gonna ask how you got her number.
oh, i'll tell her i met some guy who knew her and he gave it to me.
what's he look like?i really didn't pay much attention, i'd just come from buying a speedboat.
you're buying a speedboat?see, we're already off the subject of how i got her number.
 m home free.
i don't know about that.
so if billy had gotten your number off the aids walk list, you wouldn't have gone out with him?well yeah.
 so you really like this guy.
very much.
how's the sexual chemistry?haven't been in the lab yet.
 but i am birth control shopping today.
 are you still on the pill?uh, kramer i'll tell ya, i think birth control should be discussed in an open forum.
the sponge, o.
k.
? the today sponge.
but wasn't that taken off the market?off the market? the sponge? no, no no way.
 everybody loves the sponge.
i read it in wall street week louis, uh, rukeyser.
hello, lena? hi, it's jerry seinfeld.
 how did i get your number? i met a guy that knows you, he gave it to me i don't remember his name.
 think it began with a w, maybe a q.
 i wasn't paying that much attention, i'd just come from shopping for a speedboat you know, i really like those new jeans jerry was wearing.
 he's really thin.
not as thin as you think.
why? he's a .
 i saw the tag on the back.
the tag, huh?mmm-hmm.
let me tell you something about that tag.
 it's no , and uh let's just leave it at that.
what are you talking about?he scratches off a and he puts in .
oh, how could he be so vain?well, this is the jerry seinfeld that only i know.
 i can't believe i just told you that.
why not?well, jerry doesn't want anyone to know.
well, it's alright, i'm your fiance.
 everyone assumes you'll tell me everything.
where did you get that from?well, we're a couple.
 it's understood.
i never heard of that.
well, you've never been a couple.
i've coupled! i've coupled!keeping secrets! this is just like your secret bank code.
this is totally different! that was my secret, this is jerry's secret! there's there's attorney-client priveleges here! if i play it by your rule, no one'll ever confide in me again, i'll be cut out of the loop!hey.
hey.
 what's the matter?i had a fight with susan.
what about?oh clothing, something, i dunno.
 so, uh, what are you doing today?i got a date with that girl, lena.
lena, how'd you meet her?i actually met her a few weeks ago, but you met her a few weeks ago, but ?i didn't call her till today.
so, uh wanna double?what?well, i just had a fight - i need a group dynamic.
i dunno.
 hey.
well, kramer was right.
 my friend kim told me the sponge is off the market.
so what are you gonna do?i'll tell you what i'm gonna do - i'm gonna do a hard-target search.
 of every drug store, general store, health store and grocery store in a -block radius.
just for these sponges?hey man, women are really loyal to their birth control methods.
 what does susan use?i dunno.
you don't know?i, uh figure it's something.
 what are you all out of breath from?the elevator just broke.
 i had to walk up five flights.
and you got the aids walk tomorrow.
 you're never gonna make it, you're in horrible shape.
hey, i'm in tip-top shape.
 better than you!i got a waist, mister!yeah, well i'm walking for charity, what are you doing?what am i doing? i'm dating a woman who happens to be sponsoring one of these walkers.
can i help you?yeah, do you have any today sponges? i know they're off the market, but actually, we have a case left.
a case! a case of sponges? i mean, uh a case.
 huh.
 uh how many come in a case?sixty.
sixty?! uh well, i'll take three.
three.
make it ten.
ten?twenty sponges should be plenty.
did you say twenty?yeah, twenty-five sponges is just fine.
right.
 so, you're set with twenty-five.
yeah.
 just give me the whole case and i'll be on my way.
hey, i have found the best-smelling detergent.
 lena, smell my shirt.
mmm! very nice.
it's all-tempa-cheer.
i use planet.
 it's bio-degradable and doesn't pollute the oceans.
yeah, the oceans really are getting very sudsy.
can you wrap up all the left-overs on the table, please? i always take the left-overs.
 i work in a soup kitchen every morning at a.
m.
they serve soup at a.
m.
?yeah.
 that's all they have.
do the bums ever complain? soup again?'i'd get tired of it.
how could you not?guess who volunteered last week?mick jagger.
no.
 maya angelou.
oh, the poet!so, let me ask you something - these people eat soup three times a day?i don't know.
so, did you get to talk to her?talk to who?is it a lot of cream soups?maya angelou, the poet.
no, i didn't get the chance.
oh, well, i'm sure you can reach her she's a poet.
 what does a poet need an unlisted number for?i'm going to the ladies room.
i'll go with you.
 what are you looking at me like that for?why'd you have to mention unlisted number'?what are you talking about?alright, i gotta tell you something, but you cannot tell susan.
jerry got her phone number off of an aids walk list? oh, that's awful!i know, but don't say anything to anyone.
 he told me not to tell you.
but you told me anyway?well, you know, i was thinking about what you said before, and you're right, i've never really been a couple, so if that's the rule, then i'm gonna go by the rule.
thank you, honey.
so, you wanna go home and make up, officially?can we stop by a drug store first?what for?i'm out of birth control stuff.
oh, o.
k.
, yeah.
 where am i gonna park here ? oh, don't park.
 i'll just sit in the car, you can run in.
me run in? why don't you run in?you don't know what i use for birth control, do you?of course i do.
you do? what?you know.
 you use the, uh the what?you know, the uh just get me some sponges, please.
wait, wait a minute they don't have them anymore.
 i just found out, they just took them off the market.
off the market? the sponge?yeah, so you gotta use something else.
i can't! i love the sponge! i need the sponge!o.
k .
 i think i know where we can get one.
kramer, what the hell is going on in there?it's a poker game some serious butt!are you out of your mind? you got the aids walk tomorrow!hey, kramer - are you in?oh, you gotta be kiddin'! you see those two ladies i got showin'? do they look scared?!you're never gonna make it!you, uh you wanna go in the bedroom?o.
k.
 hold on just a second.
 elaine? it's me, george.
 uh, did you get any of those sponges?yeah.
 cleaned out the whole west side.
 why?well susan.
ah, susan uses the sponge.
susan loves the sponge.
yeah, i'm sorry, george.
 i can't help you out.
what?i can't do it.
 no way, there's no how.
 elaine let me just explain something to you.
 see, this is not just a weekend routine i'm on the verge of make-up sex here.
 you know about make-up sex?oh yeah, i know all about make-up sex, and i'm really sorry.
 elaine, can i just explain something to you very privately here? susan and i have been together many, many times now, and just between you and me, there's really no big surprises here, so make-up sex is all that i have left.
i'm sure you'll have another fight, george.
 hold that thought!so, listen to this.
 but don't tell anyone - jerry seinfeld? he got a woman's number off an aids walk list.
he got her number off an aids walk list?he what?how'd you find out?a friend of a friend of a friend of susan's.
george!pardon?nothing.
 listen, i'm sorry, i just -it's o.
k.
! there's nothing to be sorry about.
 i don't mind.
you don't mind that i got your number off the aids walk list?no, not at all.
 no problem.
 ah, you're lucky you're walkin out of here with a pair of pants on!you went all night?jerry, ah? breakfast on me, huh?kramer, are you out of your mind? you got the aids walk in like, three hours! you're never gonna make it!aids walk! that's a cake walk.
 hey!so, george, guess what? lena found out how i got her number.
really? how'd she do that?a friend of a friend of susan's.
my susan?why'd you tell her?!because, jerry, it's a couple rule! we have to tell each other everything!well you know what this means, don't you?what?you're cut off, you're out of the loop!you're cutting me off? no, no, no jerry, don't cut me off!you leave me no choice! you're the media now as far as i'm concerned!c'mon jerry, please! it won't happen again.
if you were in the mafia, would you tell her every time you killed someone?hey, a hit is a totally different story.
i don't know, george.
so, lena was upset, huh?you know what? that was the amazing thing.
what, it didn't bother her?no, she said it was fine.
 there's something very strange about this girl.
what?she's too good.
too good i mean, she's giving and caring and genuinely concerned about the welfare of others - i can't be with someone like that!i see what you mean.
i mean, i admire the hell out of her.
 you can't have sex with someone you admire.
where's the depravity?no depravity! i mean, i look at her, i can't imagine she even has sex.
on the other hand what?thanks again for last night!hey, i didn't even use one.
i thought you said it was imminent.
yeah, it was, but then i just couldn't decide if he was really sponge-worthy.
sponge-worthy?yeah, jerry, i have to conserve these sponges.
but you like this guy, isn't that what the sponges are for?yes, yes - before they went off the market.
 i mean, now i've got to re-evaluate my whole screening process.
 i can't afford to waste any of em.
you know, you're nuts with these sponges.
 george is gettin frustrated!uh, cosmo kramer?uh o.
k.
, you're checked in.
 here's your aids ribbon.
uh, no thanks.
you don't want to wear an aids ribbon?no.
but you have to wear an aids ribbon.
i have to?yes.
see, that's why i don't want to.
but everyone wears the ribbon.
 you must wear the ribbon!you know what you are? you're a ribbon bully.
 hey you! come back here! come back here and put this on!elaine and her sponges she's got like, a war chest full of them.
well, i don't see why you just can't use condoms.
oh, no, no condoms are for single men.
 the day that we got engaged, i said goodbye to the condom forever.
just once for the make-up sex.
make-up sex? you have to have that right after the fight, we're way past that.
come on, just once?no, no i hate the condom.
why?i can never get the package open in time.
well, you just tear it open.
it's not that easy.
 it's like beat the clock, there's a lot of pressure there.
oh, i don't wear the ribbon.
yeah, i'm against aids.
 i mean, i'm walking, aren't i? i just don't wear the ribbon.
who? who does not want to wear the ribbon? so, you think you're sponge-worthy?yes, i think i'm sponge-worthy.
 i think i'm very sponge-worthy.
run down your case for me again ?well, we've gone out several times, we obviously have a good rapport.
 i own a very profitable electronics distributing firm.
 i eat well.
 i exercise.
 blood tests - immaculate.
 and if i can speak frankly, i'm actually quite good at it.
you going to do something about your sideburns?yeah, i told you i'm going to trim my sideburns.
and the bathroom in your apartment?cleaned it this morning.
the sink, the tub, everything got cleaned?everything, yeah.
 it's spotless.
alright, let's go.
 hi.
hi! hey, look at this - i just got a citation in the mail for my work with shut-ins.
oh, the shut-ins, that's nice.
 you know, they're a very eccentric group.
 because they're shut in.
 of course, they're not locked in, they're free to go at anytime.
oh, by the way, i checked at the soup kitchen - they do have cream soups.
hey, that's dynamite.
 you know, lena, i wanted to talk to you about something you know, because you're such a good person -oh, hang onto that thought - i'm rinsing a sweater, i left the water running.
 hey, jerry, can you get me a towel out of my bedroom closet?oh, o.
k.
 thanks.
 so, you were saying ?what? nothing.
no, you said i was a good person oh you seem like you want to tell me something.
tell you something i do.
what is it, jerry? you can tell me anything.
oh, uh you see these jeans i'm wearing?yeah.
i change the waist on the label to a on all my jeans.
 so, you know.
 that's it.
 come on, george, just tear it open.
i'm trying, dammit.
tear it.
i tried to tear it from the side, you can't get a good grip here.
 you gotta do it like a bag of chips.
here give it to me.
would you wait a second? just wait? give it to me.
 come on.
 come on!it's too late.
so! what's it going to be? are you going to wear the ribbon?no! never.
but i am wearing the ribbon.
 he is wearing the ribbon.
 we are all wearing the ribbon! so why aren't you going to wear the ribbon!?this is america! i don't have to wear anything i don't want to wear!what are we gonna do with him?i guess we are just going to have to teach him to wear the ribbon!it completely turned her off.
well, i can see that.
 what do you have to do that for? who cares about your pants size?i don't wanna be a .
i'd kill to be a .
she said i wasn't sponge-worthy.
 wouldn't waste a sponge on me!that condom killed me.
 why do they have to make the wrappers on those things so hard to open?it's probably so the woman has one last chance to change her mind.
you never run out, do you? s finished here.
oh, i told him he'd never make it.
 he was up all night! oh my god kramer?look at you.
 i told you.
 up all night playing poker.
 come on.
 hey, where's you aids ribbon?good morning.
how'd you sleep?great.
 you?fine, fine.
 everything o.
k.
?yep.
no regrets?nope.
 what are you doing?what do you mean?oh i don't think so.
why not? i thought you said everything was fine.
i wish i could help you, but i can't afford two of em.
  to the right.
that took awhile.
don't get up.
i'd like to help, but my neck so how long has it been in the basement?since my grandfather died.
 i was suppose to send it down to my parents in florida, but they didn't want it.
 they told me to get rid of it, but i felt funny and then i sort of forgot about it.
 and it's been sitting down there for three years until he saw it.
 s get it out of here.
what's in it?grandpa clothes, i can't wear em.
you want these? knee socks.
 you don't wear knee socks.
no, go ahead.
 look at this place.
 i can't wait to get it cleaned.
i know someone who'll do it.
 she's good.
 she's honest.
no, elaine's got this writer friend from finland, rava.
 her boyfriend goes to columbia grad school, and he's suppose to do it.
students can't clean.
 it's anathema.
 t like it.
how long have you been waiting to squeeze that into a conversation?now this i like.
wait a second.
 t believe this! let me see this.
wait, wait, wait let me just see it.
come on let me just see it for a second.
oh my god, it's exactly the same!what?when i was ten years old, my parents had this very same statue on the mantle of our apartment.
 exactly.
 and, one day, i grabbed it, and i was using it as a microphone.
 i was singing, macarthur park', and i got to the part about, i'll never have that recipe again, and it slipped out of my hand and it broke.
 my parents looked at me like i smashed the ten commandments.
 to this day, they bring it up.
 it was the single most damaging experience in my life, aside from seeing my father naked.
c'mon, george.
 i saw it first.
no, kramer.
 i have to have this statue.
no, i got dibs!what? no dibs! i need this statue.
 c'mon, give it!spread out, spread out you numbskulls.
 why don't you just settle it like mature adults?potato man!no, no, no potato man.
 inka-dink.
okay yea well uh start with me.
yeah, good, good.
inka-dink, a bottle of ink, the cork fell out, and you stink.
not because you're dirty, not because you're clean just because you kissed the girl behind the magazine and you are it!what?! wait a minute.
 no, no, no.
 what are you doing? no, no, oh, oh, okay.
 he's out.
 i get it.
no, no, no, no, i'm it.
 i win.
no, he's it.
 he wins.
 it is good.
do over start with him.
no, no, no, come on, kramer.
 now, you got the socks.
all right, you can have it.
  dit.
okay, i'm gonna take the suit, and the shoes, and the hat.
all right, c'mon.
 let's go.
hey, i look like joe friday in dragnet.
i can't believe i won at inka-dink.
come on, let's go.
yea.
aren't you gonna take it?no, no, no, i don't want to carry it around all night.
 i'll pick it up later.
 what about your stuff?oh, uh, well - okay.
all right, let's go.
 hey, you know, you owe me one.
what?the inka-dink you were it.
it's bad?it's very bad.
well, if they don't let you be my editor on this book, i'll go to another publisher.
 it's that simple.
you told them that?of course.
 t know how to thank you.
 ve got a flight.
oh, probably caught in traffic.
or maybe he's dead.
so what do you write, children's books?that's ray.
ah, greetings, greetings, and salutations.
 i beg your forgiveness.
 my tardiness was unavoidable.
 rava, my love.
 elaine, my dear friend.
 and you must be jerry.
 lord of the manor.
 ah, my liege.
 a pleasure to serve you.
all right and we have to get back to work.
i gotta get to the airport.
your palace shall sparkle like the stars in heaven upon your save arrival, sire.
the uh toilet brush is under the sink.
i don't really feel that comfortable with a maid, either, because there's that guilt when you have someone cleaning your house.
 you know, you're sitting there on your sofa, and they go by with the vacuum, i'm really sorry about this.
 i don't know why i left that stuff over there.
 and that's why i could never be a maid, because i'd have an attitude.
 i'd find them, wherever they are in the house, oh, i suppose you couldn't do this? no, don't get up, let me clean up your filth.
 no, you couldn't dust.
 no, this is too tough, isn't it?'he really did an amazing job.
 look! he uncoagulated the top of the dishwashing liquid! he cleaned the little one-inch area between the refrigerator and the counter.
 how did he get in there?! he must be like rubber man!there's no rubber man.
why did i think there was a rubber man? there's elastic man plastic man i'm leaving.
where are you going?to rava's house.
 i've gotta pick up her manuscript.
oh wait.
 i'll go with you.
elaine, he windexed the little peep hole! s the editor-in-chief! i think because of your request-demand.
they're going to promote me to editor.
daantotin.
 s ray late as usual.
well, this is an unexpected surprise and delight! the once and future king of comedy, jerry the first, gracing our humble abode.
 rava, we're in the presence of royalty.
hey, ray, listen, you really did a tremendous job cleaning that apartment.
but i didn't just clean your apartment.
 it was a ritual, a ceremony, a celebration of life.
shouldn't you be out on a ledge somewhere?the water is boiling.
 are you having tea?yes.
jerry? jerry!what? ray, would you give me a hand?yeah, i'm coming!i think that's the statue from my house.
 that looks like the statue from my house!what statue?i had a statue!you have a statue? i never saw a statue.
my grandfather gave me a statue!since when?what's the difference?! that's the one! he ripped me off! this guy ripped me off!do you take sugar?uhh no.
i can't believe it! this guy ripped me off!do you realize what you're saying?yes! this guy ripped me off! he stole that statue right out of my house!lemon?uh sure/yeah are you sure?pretty sure! ninety-nine percent sure.
ninety-nine percent sure?!ah, sweet elixir.
 it's fragrant nectar a soothing balm for the soul.
ah those are the pastries, ray take care of that, i'm going to get elaine the manuscript.
ah, the pastries!maybe it just looks the same.
 maybe it's just a coincidence.
coincidence? this guy's in my apartment and then, just by coincidence, he has the same exact statue in his apartment?i never saw the statue.
i had a statue! what should i do?i don't know.
i'll call kramer.
 he can check my house.
oh jerry, don't blow this for me.
don't worry.
 s jerry! jerry! from next door! never mind where i am! yes, jerry seinfeld! ma, i told you, just dip the bread in the batter, and put in right in the pan okay, bye.
 my mother.
 she forgot how to make french toast.
 you know how mothers are.
my mother left us when i was six years old.
 all seven of us.
 we never heard from her again.
 i hope she's rotting in an alley somewhere!my mom's down in florida.
 she's got uh one of those condos.
 hot down there in the summer.
 you ever been down there?i love these pastries.
 you know, in scandinavian mythology, the pastries were the food of the gods.
listen, uh i just remembered i'm uh, getting a facial.
oh, see you tomorrow morning.
how about dinner?no, i don't eat dinner.
 dinner's for suckers.
uh huh yeah okay, thanks anyway bye.
nope, the cop says it's my word against his.
 there's nothing they can do.
let's go get him.
yeah, right.
we can't just let him get away with this.
do you realize how crazy he had to be to do something like this? he knew i was gonna know it's missing, and he took it! and of all things to take! i left my watch, tape recorder, stereo.
 he's crazy.
you wanna go get him?well, then, if he's crazy you should just forget it.
forget it? i already called my parents.
 i told them to expect the surprise of a lifetime.
 my mother's making her roasted potatoes!george, do you realize that rava has asked me to edit her book?who is this rava?i say we get him.
no!let me just call him.
i'll call him.
 clock great, okay, bye.
all right, look, look, look.
 let's say he stole it.
oh, he stole it!c'mon, you can't do anything about it.
 the cops won't do anything.
 what, are you going to fight him? why don't you just forget it?no.
i thought you said one o'clock.
relax, he's late.
 he's always late.
 it's part of his m.
o.
remember, don't take any crap.
yeah, yeah.
 don't worry about it.
i'll be right here.
that's comforting.
 shh.
 he's coming.
 ray?oh, jerry.
 i can't believe you asked me about that statue.
 do you know how much trouble you could've got me into?well, i didn't rava was standing right next to me.
 i never told her where i got the statue.
 i wonder why.
well, just give it back, and i won't say anything.
give it back?yeah.
what are you talking about?what are you talking about?what is he talking about?i'm talking about the statue.
yeah, me too.
give it back to whom?me.
yeah, him.
you?yeah.
 me.
i'm not getting this.
you already got it.
ray, i had a statue in my house.
 you were in my house and then i saw it in your house.
what are you saying?what am i saying?take a wild guess.
are you saying i stole your statue?what a mind.
well, i i can't believe what i'm hearing.
i can't believe what i'm hearing.
i can't believe what i'm hearing.
for your information, i got that statue in a pawn shop.
pawn shop?a pawn shop?yes.
 in chinatown with the money i earned cleaning people's apartments.
cleaning them out.
oh, excuse me look, ray, you were the only person in my house.
what's behind this? it's rava, isn't it?again with the rava.
you want her.
no, she's a little too cheery for me.
she's from finland, for crying out loud.
 finland! do you understand?!i know finland.
 they're neutral.
is it me? do i rub you the wrong way?no, i actually find you quite charming.
 a bit verbose at times 'oh, i find you so charming.
 you wuss.
 did you call me a wuss?what did you say?i said luss.
 i'm at a luss.
i would just love to take you down to the shop where i got it.
that's not necessary.
 s not that bad an idea.
and i would love to.
 nothing would please me more.
 but, unfortunately, the guy retired and moved to singapore.
singapore?! do you hear this?if you really want, maybe i can contact the guy in singapore and have him make a photostat of the receipt and send it over.
that's it! that's it! i can't take it.
 i can't take it anymore! you stole the statue! you're a theif! you're a liar!george who is this?i'm the judge and the jury, pal.
 and the verdict is guilty!what's going on here?guilty!your friend is crazy.
oh, i'm crazy!george, george i've got to get going.
 i have a class.
oh ho! class, huh? at columbia? let me tell you something, pal.
 i called the registrar's office.
 i checked you out.
 they have no record of a ray thomas at that school! you liar!well, that's because i'm registered under my full legal name, raymond thomas wochinski.
 ray thomas is my professional name.
you mean alias.
you are starting to make me angry!well, that was bound to happen.
 ve done here today.
 and if you want to call and apologize, you know where to reach me.
hey, ray.
yes?how did you get the goop out of the top of the dishwashing liquid? it was like a brand-new nozzle!nervous?why should i be?yeah.
 right.
your notes are very insightful.
the book is great.
 did you go out last night?no.
 we made love on the floor like two animals.
 ray is insatiable.
they all are.
was jerry?i can't remember.
you know, ray is very upset over these accusations.
oh, well, i'm staying out of this one.
 this is between them.
 i am not getting involved.
so you think he stole it?!well, you have to admit the circumstantial evidence i admit nothing!will you put that cigarette out, please?well, i mean, he was in the apartment, and then it's gone and it's in your apartment.
maybe you think we're in cahoots.
no, no.
 but it is quite a coincidence.
yes, that's all: a coincidence!a big coincidence.
not a big coincidence.
 a coincidence!no, that's a big coincidence.
that's what a coincidence is! there are no small coincidences and big coincidences!no, there are degrees of coincidences.
no, there are only coincidences! ask anyone!are there big coincidences and small coincidences, or just coincidences? well?! well?!will you put that cigarette out?!maybe i put it out on your face! re trying to destroy us.
shouldn't you be out on a ledge somewhere?ma, will you stop? it's just a statue! how is it my fault?! it was stolen.
 i didn't even touch it this time okay, fine i don't see why this should affect to potatoes! okay goodbye.
 t react to disappointment very well.
 unlike me.
i'm not happy about this.
why don't we just throw a molotov cocktail through their window?there's just no justice.
 this experience has changed me.
 it's made me more cynical, more bitter, more jaded.
really? sure, why not.
well, how do you think i feel? instead of editing the first novel of a major young writing talent, i am proofreading a food allergy cookbook.
can't you talk to your boss?i did.
 he loves rava.
 worse, he loves ray.
 and he didn't think you're funny at all.
 m not happy about this.
well, perhaps we can take comfort in the knowledge that in the next world, ray will be the recipient of a much larger and more harsh brand of justice yeah, he'll have my parents.
 police! open up!police?freeze, mother!hey.
shut up.
 spread em.
 i said spread em! re in big trouble son.
 burglary, grand larceny, possession of stolen goods and uh, uh murder.
murder?!shut up! keep em spread! just make love to that wall, pervert!i think you have me confused with somebody else.
is your name ray?yeah.
yeah, you're the punk i'm looking for!hey, hey, are you a cop?yeah, i'm a cop.
 i'm a good cop.
 i'm a damn good cop! ll be sorry.
 you got me?got you? i don't even know what the hell you're talking about.
good, good.
 let's uh keep it that way.
all right, all right.
 what's the big hubbub, bub?kramer, i can't believe it.
 oh, you're my hero!yeah.
kramer, what did you do?well, let's just say i didn't take him to people's court.
i feel like a huge weight's been lifted off my shoulders.
 i i i feel happy! kramer, i don't know how to thank you!well, i'll think of something.
people are going to steal from you.
 you can't stop them.
 but, everybody has their own little personal security things.
 things that they think will foil the crooks, you know? in your own mind, right? you go to the beach, go in the water, put your wallet in the sneaker, who's gonna know? what criminal mind could penetrate this fortress of security? i tied a bow.
 they can't get through that.
 i put the wallet down by the toe of the sneaker.
 they never look there.
 they check the heel, they move on.
you think she's happy?who? the cashier.
ruthie cohen? you know her name?sure.
i don't think i've ever spoken to her.
maybe that's why she's happy.
 good morning, gentlemen.
what is this? s the latest offering from the alex theatre.
that stinky old movie-house? well, you should smell it now.
 we fixed up the place.
 with spartacus? clock show, you can hear geoffrey har-harwood.
geoffrey who?har-harwood, jerry.
 he was the assistant wardrobe man on spartacus.
 some fascinating insights into the production.
why would i spend seven dollars to see a movie that i could watch on tv?well, why go to a fine restaurant, when you can just stick something in the microwave? why go to the park and fly a kite, when you can just pop a pill? m supposed to meet him here.
lloyd braun? what d'you have to meet him for?well, he's using his connections in the mayor's office, to uh, get the theatre landmark status.
i thought he screwed up the dinkins campaign.
well, he did.
 you know, after that, he had a nervous breakdown? had to spend a few months in an institution.
really?yeah, but he's doing a lot better now.
 i've taken him under my wing.
oh, then i'm not worried.
but he still needs all of our support.
 now, when he gets here treat him like he's one of the gang, huh.
 breakdown, huh?hey kramer.
oh, hey lloyd, hey buddy.
 how you doing? hi jerry.
lloyd.
george.
hello, lloyd.
 how you doing?yeah well, he's doing fine, george.
 gum? s an interesting package.
yeah, it's from china.
 go ahead, try a piece.
 tell me that's not the most delicious gum you've ever tasted.
yes, yes.
 we shall all try a piece and tell you how delicious it is.
 george?i don't chew gum.
 d you get it?friend of mine in chinatown gave it to me.
 if you want i can ask him where he got it.
nah, don't bother.
no, it's no problem.
i don't want it.
jerry, jerry.
 lloyd says it's no problem.
 he's capable of locating the gum.
alright.
mmm, delicious.
 this is delicious.
 mmm.
you know what? i think this ruthie cohen gave me the wrong change.
 didn't i pay with a twenty? i'm sure i paid with a twenty.
hey.
hey.
i think i finally figured out what the flavor is in this gum.
 it's a little lo-mein-y.
 what kind is that?it's chinese gum, lloyd braun gave me.
lloyd braun? how's he doing? after dinkins lost the election, he had a complete nervous breakdown.
 they had to lock him up.
you know, that's around the same time i broke up with lloyd.
 y you don't think that i had anything to do with his breakdown, do you?you know, i remember when we parted company, i was babbling incoherently for months.
yeah? well, i got news for you.
the whole time that i was growing up, all i ever heard from my mother was why can't you be more like that lloyd braun?'and in the end lloyd braun became more like you.
right, gotta get going.
aren't you coming with us to spartacus?nah, i gotta deliver some christmas presents to my parents.
i thought your parents were outta town?why d'you think i'm going now?georgie!hey, mr lazzari.
back in the old neighborhood, ah?yeah, yeah.
 just delivering some presents to my folks.
oh, snazzy car.
 le baron?yeah, eighty-three.
 used to belong to john voight.
the actor, right?something like that.
mind if i look under the hood?oh, no no no no.
 go ahead, pop, you always knew your cars.
oh, deena! deena, deena, l look who's here.
george costanza, is that you?hey deena, come on, give us a hug.
 oh my gosh, you look as pretty as you did back in high school.
boy, those were some crazy times.
yeah, yeah.
 speaking of crazy, did you hear about lloyd braun?the alex was built in nineteen twenty-two, during the golden era of movie palaces.
 minor restorations in nineteen forty-one, forty-seven, fifty-two, fifty-eight, sixty-three, and currently to our present period of time.
boy, you're really getting into this aren't you?yes, yes i am.
 the icing on the cake would be getting that landmark status from the city.
 we're hoping lloyd braun can pull a few strings.
oh, can lloyd really do that?lloyd braun can do anything he puts his mind to.
 he's fine, jerry.
 and you should say hello to him, elaine.
 what? lloyd is here?what? no, no, i'd rather hi elaine.
 lloyd, yes.
 hello.
kramer tell you? we reserved some special seats, so we can all sit together.
 ll see you afterwards.
that was odd.
 am i crazy, or does jerry not wear glasses? not crazy.
we're all the way in the front row.
 why couldn't we sit in the special seats?i'm sorry, but i didn't want lloyd thinking i was leading him on again.
 seeing him made me feel very uncomfortable.
nah, you don't wanna be uncomfortable.
poor lloyd.
i know.
 completely bonkers!sorry i can't be so flip about this kind of thing.
 you know, after what happened to pop.
pop? what happened to pop?i thought you heard.
 he had a nervous breakdown last year.
 that's why i'm taking care of him.
oh, i tell you, they don't build em like this any more.
 t have the auto shop any more?uhn, it was too much for him.
 uhm, i, i gotta go.
what?i just remembered, i gotta be someplace.
 yuh-hu-hur, that's enough.
 pop.
 pop, put down the wrench, pop.
pop! pop!!'s a great movie, huh?yeah.
sorry you forgot those glasses.
i don't know what i was thinking.
how'd you like that gum? errh.
 ah, he loved it.
hey kramer, you know what? there, there isn't a light there, in the ladies room.
yeah, yeah.
 it's being repaired.
oh.
 oh god.
you alright?ah, i sat too close to the screen.
 oh.
 i just gotta stretch out in a hot bath.
 it was nice to see you again, lloyd.
officer.
 officer, is there some reason this man has to always be using a hose? i mean, he's flooding the sidewalk.
 it's a waste of water.
 couldn't he just use a broom?lady, you sold me.
 hey, you with the hose.
yeah, put these glasses on.
 s this for?yeah, well lloyd, he's gonna be here any minute now.
so what?well, he thinks you wear those.
they're from the lost and found at the alex.
aw, c'mon kramer, this is ridiculous.
 i'm not gonna put these on.
oh.
 okay.
 so he'll just think that the two of you didn't sit with him on purpose.
 ooh yeah, that's very nice.
 very nice.
'scuse me.
 i uh, i was in here this morning and uh, i believe i paid you with a twenty dollar bill, but you only gave me change for a ten.
i don't think so.
oh, i think so, and i can prove it.
 you see, i was doodling on the bill and uh, so if you have a twenty in there with big lips on it well, s mine.
 would you mind opening up the register?not unless you buy something.
fine, i'll buy a pack of gum.
hey george.
 thought you didn't chew gum?i don't.
take a look.
i know i gave it to you.
george, would you mind.
 i'm kind of in a hurry.
 t forget that easily!hey, jerry, look who's here.
ah, lloyd.
hi jerry.
 got some more of that gum.
 oh, the gum.
yeah, let's all enjoy a chew, huh? oh, boy.
now see, this is what the holidays are all about.
 three buddies, sitting around, chewing gum, huh? mmm, mmm, yeah.
 so uh, you know, lloyd, he thinks he can get more of this.
well, lloyd's a very industrious fellow.
 i'm sure he can accomplish anything he sets his mind to.
actually, the importer's right in chinatown.
 i'll introduce you to him, you can get it whenever you want.
's not necessary.
hey, jerry, you know, lloyd wants to do you a favour.
i know that, kramer.
well, if you don't want to no, sure sure, he wants to.
 it's very kind of you.
 yeah, jerry, he appreciates it.
 don't you, jerry?yes i do, kramer.
so yeah?how about that elaine today, huh?oh, baby, what was that all about, huh? she was practically undressing in front of me at the theatre.
i didn't see anything.
yeah, you uh, really missed a show, buddy.
 wooh, ba-boom, ba-boom-ba-ba-ba-boom-ba.
you're probably wondering why i wanted to see you again.
well, you know.
 s understandable.
i'm glad you feel that way.
 because since my father's breakdown i uh, become very sensitive to the warning signs.
warning signs?nervousness, irritability, paranoia.
 lloyd braun was in the nuthouse, not me.
yet again, taking pleasure in the misfortunes of others.
all my friends do that.
george, i'm only trying to help i'm i'm concerned.
 george? george, are you listening to me?you see that woman on the horse? she stole twenty dollars from me.
 ve gotten it back, but lloyd braun interfered!so again it all comes back to lloyd.
 t gallop away!!so you say she was on a horse?i'm telling you, that cashier is riding horses on my money.
well, here's what i propose.
 go down to the stables, snoop around.
 see if any high-flying cashier's been throwing twenty dollar bills around with big lips.
hey.
well, if it isn't chesty la rue.
 what?i was chewing gum with lloyd braun, and he was bragging about the peepshow you gave him at the alex.
 oh god.
 i lost a button, so my blouse was wide open.
 i musta left it at the theatre.
maybe it's in the lost and found.
yeah, i know.
 i have to go check it out.
 it's a beautiful button too, you know.
 it's antique ivory.
 it was my mother's.
you know, the way you were wolfing down that popcorn, maybe you ate it.
mr har-harwood.
 well, what an unexpected surprise to have you back at the alex theatre.
well i, i'm in a bit of a quandary.
 i've misplaced my spectacles.
well, let's look in lost and found, shall we?they're half-glasses.
brown?mmm, yes, yes.
uh, yeah.
 ah, well if they're not in the box, i'm sure they'll turn up soon.
 listen, could you keep an eye on the place? i wanna go out and get some paraffin wax, and bring out the lustre of this vintage countertop.
certainly.
oh my goodness.
 what a spanking button.
 alright.
 alright.
 s warming up! oh you mother hey! what is your problem?oh, hello, it's you! re not on your horse, are you ruthie?your car's on fire.
aah! fire! merry christmas! fire!!your hose! where's your hose?!cop made me disconnect it.
jeez! what happened to your car, buddy?the jon voight car is no more.
wow.
 well, don't you sweat it.
 you can use my car any time you want to.
no kidding?no kidding.
hey, thanks.
 i owe you a big one.
yeah, merry christmas.
 whatever.
alright, i'm here.
 where's braun?what, he's not here yet?look, i'll go downtown to chinatown with him, but that is it!listen, i'm gonna need those glasses.
why?they're geoffrey haarwood's.
 here, try this pair.
aw, these are really strong glasses.
hey gum-buddy.
 nice frames.
 you ready to go? yeah, yeah.
 s all ready to go.
anybody see elaine today?oh yeah, she called a little earlier.
 she's coming over to check out lost and found.
maybe i'll stick around and see what she's wearing today.
 or not wearing, if you know what i mean.
absolutely.
 let's just stick around.
ah, tell you what, they're expecting us though.
 lemme just grab a hotdog here.
uh, yeah.
i'd like a hotdog, please.
are you outta your mind?wh wh wh what's the problem here?this hotdog's been here since the silent era.
 you'd have to be insane to eat it.
no, no, no, no, no.
 this man is not insane.
 now there's nothing wrong with it or you.
kramer, maybe no, no, no, no.
 i'll show you.
 one hotdog please.
 okay.
mmm, doesn't that smell good, huh?yeah, here we go, yeah.
 uhm, interesting texture.
 it's chewy.
 i gotta get, some air.
excuse me.
 scuse me, weren't you told to stop using that hose?how would you happen to know that?well, uhm i  t you?uh i hey, joe!no, wait! you're soaking me, you're soaking me!hey.
 hey everybody.
whoah, elaine! once again, you've managed to top yourself.
 c'mon jerry, let's go.
 car's out front.
lloyd?lloyd? s problem?look, honey, i know you're trying to get lloyd to notice you, but this is too much.
 parading around in a wet t-shirt.
uhh, i got sprayed with a hose.
yeah, well, i'm sorry, but the alex is a family theatre, not one of your swing joints.
so, you want my father to pay for this?you saw him.
 he was fiddling with the engine.
 god knows what he did there.
and i suppose lloyd braun had something to do with it too.
no, not lloyd braun.
 but the cashier.
what cashier?you remember the woman on the horse? she wanted my spot.
to park her horse?no, she wasn't on the horse.
so, your car caught fire because of my father and the woman on the horse?that's right.
 and him!the man with the flowers?yeah, yeah, the flower guy.
 listen, i know this all sounds a little crazy, but i can't believe it.
 look, that's jerry seinfeld.
who?jerry seinfeld.
 my best friend.
 he can explain all of this.
 jerry.
jerry! over here jerry.
 it's me!jerry, where y'going? it's what're  that was your best friend?yeah, yeah, but he doesn't wear glasses.
that man was wearing glasses.
i know.
 don't you see.
 he was doing it to fool lloyd braun!i'll run in and get the gum.
alright.
got any money? here.
 ll be back.
look, deena, i know you think i'm crazy, but i'm not.
 this is just a series of bad coincidences.
i don't know, george.
 i don't know what to believe.
believe me, i am not crazy.
well, i guess it's possible.
here y'go.
 got all this?yeah.
 a hundred dollar's worth.
 i gave you a hundred dollars?!you sure did.
 am i crazy, or is that a lotta gum?it's a lotta gum!mr hararwood.
 found your glasses.
oh, splendid.
 welcome to the institute for the preservation of motion picture costumes and wardrobe.
ah, the i.
p.
m.
p.
c.
w.
well eh, we prefer to call it the institute.
is that from henry the eighth?yes, yes, it is.
well, you know, we're screening that tonight at the alex.
 do you think that i could wear that to promote the theatre?well, i i'd love to lend it to you, but i doubt if it would fit a man of your impressive, raymond massey-like, physique.
 the only person who could really fit into this costume, would have to be a short, stocky, man of somewhat generous proportions.
 t say.
you're really helping me out with this, buddy.
 kids are gonna be so thrilled.
yeah, yeah.
 you really cashed in on that favor pretty quick.
remember, you're a king, you must project a royal bearing.
 m gonna give you a royal bearing.
 wait a minute, wait a minute.
 lemme get a pack of gum here.
 can i get a pack of gum, please?i beg your pardon, your majesty, but we don't accept bills with lipstick on the president.
what? huh, so i had it all along.
 how d'you like that? i guess i owe that cashier an apology.
oh my god!no, no.
 deena, it's not what you think.
th this isn't mine.
i got it from the institute.
 the institute.
 dee deena!ahh, mr haarwood.
 well, you certainly know how to dress for a premiere.
well, thank you.
 uh, where is your friend king henry?oh, he ran away.
hey kramer.
i need to talk to you.
you know, that button looks very familiar.
yes, it, it, it's antique ivory.
i, i think that's my button.
 ve been looking all over for it.
 did, did you find it here?yes, it was in the lost and found.
shall i undo it?oh yes, of course you can.
oh, thank you.
i'm a little ticklish.
oh.
 tickle, tickle.
we've really gotta get that elaine a boyfriend.
oh, tell me about it.
 ll write a song about me.
 that would be amazing.
 oh, elaine, you are so beautiful.
 so, so beautiful.
 not so mention your personality which is so, so, interesting.
 if you want, you can quit your job and never work again.
jerry, you have got to come see him.
 he is so terrific.
maybe he'll write a song about you.
yeah.
 right.
 like that really matters.
so i take it he's spongeworthy?oh, yeah.
well, he's a musician.
 i guess they're supposed to be very, you know, uninhibited and free.
well, actually, he's - he's not that way at all.
oh, no?yeah.
 in fact, he .
 come on.
 come on.
i don't wanna!elaine, you're among friends.
 t really like to do everything.
oh.
yeah.
 it's surprising.
yes, it is.
 it is surprising.
 does that bother you?no.
 no, it doesn't bother me.
 i mean, it would be nice.
 i'm not gonna lie to you and say it wouldn't be nice.
sure.
 why not? you're there.
exactly.
but you said he was just coming out of a very serious relationship.
 maybe he's, you know, still .
kind of he not gonna happen.
hey, jerry! listen, i need you to come downstairs, help me get my stuff outta the car.
what stuff?i just came from the price club.
 i'm loaded up, baby.
all right.
 what are you, outta your mind? look at this.
 what did you buy here? you will never be able to finish all this stuff.
course i will.
 these are staples.
a four-pound can of black olives? that's a staple?lindsay olives, jerry.
a forty-eight pack of eggo waffles? a gallon of barbecue sauce? ten pounds of cocktail meatballs?$ .
 .
 you can't beat that.
look look at this can of tuna!yeah.
 star kist, jerry.
 most tuna don't make their cut.
this isn't for a person.
 this is for biosphere .
hey, clyde!hey, kramer! what's happening, dude?yeah.
 ahh.
 hey, this is jerry here.
how ya doin'?hi.
you know, clyde, he plays backup with john germaine.
john germaine? that is amazing.
 i was just talking about him upstairs with elaine.
oh yeah?oh, yeah.
 my friend elaine and him are goin out.
 they're pretty hot and heavy.
is that right?hey, how bout giving me a hand? you know, bring some of this stuff upstairs.
oh, sorry kramer, i got to watch the hands.
 my hands are my life.
georgie, can you zip me up?yeah.
 yeah, one second.
well, come on!all right.
 all right.
 let's not get into panic mode! let's not make a big deal outta this thing or we're never gonna get through this night.
well, i'm meeting your in-laws, i think i should look nice.
my in-laws.
 oh, my .
so, what do you think? your old man can look pretty good when he wants to, huh?i don't like that tie.
what's the matter with this tie? i've hardly worn it.
it's too thin.
 they're wearing wide now.
how do you know what kind of ties they wear?go to any office building on th avenue and tell me if there's anyone there wearing a thin tie like that.
 go ahead!oh, get the hell outta here.
 th avenue.
george, do you think he should wear a tie like that?huh?i think he should wear whatever tie he wants.
we gotta stop off and pick up a marble rye from schnitzer's.
it's out of our way.
 why can't we pick up something at lord's? it's right over here.
no! we have to go to schnitzer's! i'll show these people something about taste!this is gonna be fun.
hey, you'll never guess who i bumped into.
 this guy clyde.
 he's in your friend john germaine's band there.
so what did he have to say?nothing.
 i told him you two were pretty hot and heavy.
hot and heavy? you said hot and heavy?yeah.
what did you do that for?what?what if he tells john? then john's gonna think that i think that we're hot and heavy.
 i don't want john thinking that i'm hot and heavy if he's not hot and heavy.
ohi'm trying to get a little squirrel to come over to me here.
 i don't wanna make any big, sudden movements.
 i'll frighten him away.
well, clyde might not tell him.
how do you know that?i should have helped kramer with those packages.
ohh!let me give you a hand.
 hey, kramer.
 i wonder, could you do me a favor? i'm taking the family to disneyworld next week.
 i wonder uh-huh.
i wonder, could you pick up my mail?yeah.
 sure.
 sure.
in fact, you know what, how would you like to take my hansom cab for the week?drive the horse?it'll just be sitting there.
 you can really clean up.
 bucks a day.
 i'll split it with ya.
oh, giddyup.
 yeah.
this is delicious, mrs.
 ross.
oh.
what are you complimenting her for? she didn't make it rowenna did.
what is this thing anyway?it's cornish gamehen.
what is that, like a little chicken?it's, uh, it's not a little chicken.
 s a gamebird.
gamebird?yeah.
what do you mean? like, you - you hunt it?yes.
how hard could it be to kill this thing?i couldn't help but notice that you have quite a library in there.
if i had a dime for every book he's actually read, d be broke.
more wine anyone?yeah.
 i'll take some.
hmmm?thank you.
how do you like the merlot?merlot? i never heard of it.
 did they just invent it?oh, mother.
she's, uh, she's heard of merlot.
let me understand, you got the hen, the chicken and the rooster.
 the rooster goes with the chicken.
 so, who's having sex with the hen?why don't we talk about it another time.
but you see my point here? you only hear of a hen, a rooster and a chicken.
 something's missing!something's missing all right.
they're all chickens.
 the rooster has sex with all of them.
that's perverse.
did anybody see firestorm?firestorm, that's a hell of a picture.
yeah.
remember when they had the helicopter land on top of that car --hey! hey! come on! come on! i haven't seen it yet.
it doesn't have anything to do with the plot!still! still! i like to go in fresh!oh mother of god.
of course, uh, this is central park.
 uh, this was designed in by joe peppitone.
 um, built during the civil war so the northern armies could practice fighting on on grass.
 oh, yeah.
 giddyup.
 on rusty!thank you.
 now, i'd like to play something th -- well, actually, it's my latest so it's nice and fresh.
 it's called hot and heavy.
'thank god that's over.
the mother seems to hit the sauce pretty hard.
 i didn't like that.
and who doesn't serve cake after a meal? what kind of people? would it kill them to put out a pound cake? something!so, they didn't give you a piece of cake? big deal.
it is a big deal.
 you're supposed to serve cake after a meal.
 i'm sorry.
 it's impolite.
not impolite it's stupid, that's what it is.
 you gotta be stupid to do something like that!your father's absolutely right.
 we're sitting there like idiots drinking coffee without a piece of cake!what is this? the marble rye?oh, dear.
 i forgot to put out that - that bread they brought.
we forgot to bring it in.
no, i brought it in.
 they never put it out.
where is it?i don't know.
 where'd you put it?right over there.
well, it's gone.
you stole the bread?what do you mean stole? it's my bread.
 they didn't eat it.
 why should i leave it there?because we brought it for them!apparently, it wasn't good enough for them to serve.
is it possible they took it back?who would bring a bread and take it back?those people, that's who.
 i think they're sick.
people take buses to get that rye.
maybe they forgot to put it out!aw, they didn't forget to put it out! it's deliberate! deliberate, i tell ya!he stole back the rye?yeah.
why?why? why? cause he's off his rocker! that's why.
so, do the ross's know?i don't know.
 they're all very suspicious.
why wouldn't they be? a rye bread doesn't just disappear.
now, because of that stupid rye bread, i gotta keep them all separated for the rest of my life.
bad situation.
i'll tell you what i'd like to do.
 i'd like to replace that rye.
what do you mean replace it?you know, you go out, you get another rye.
 of course, it would have to be the same one from schnitzer's.
 you put it in the kitchen somewhere and you say ohh! there it is.
well, there ya go.
 what's so hard about that?what's so hard about that? how am i supposed to get it in there? i can't just walk in with it.
 i have to get the rosses out of the apartment!all right.
 all right.
 don't panic.
 let's just think about it.
 get the ross's out of the apartment.
 that can't be so hard.
 wait a minute.
 wait a second.
 wait a second! you know, kramer's been driving that hansom cab.
so?well, kramer'll take them around for a while.
and it's their anniversary friday night.
 i could send them for a hansom cab ride.
 y -- you think they'd like that?are you kidding? people love it.
 there's something about the clip clop, clip clop.
 they're nuts for it.
so, they go off for the ride, by the time they come back the bread is there.
what about susan?she's working late that night.
 we're - were supposed to have dinner with everybody at eight o'clock so i'll set up the ride for seven o'clock.
beautiful!you think kramer'll do it?of course i'll do it.
 i'd be happy to.
 so, all i gotta do is be there at seven?yeah.
 just take em out and ride em around for about half an hour.
hey.
what the hell are you doing there?it's beef-a-reeno and i got fifty cans.
 you want some?no.
 no thanks.
jerry, i think i bought too much at that price club.
 i don't have any room for it all.
hold on.
 hold on.
 wait a minute.
 how am i gonna get the rye bread into the apartment?just put it under your shirt.
have you ever seen a schnitzer's rye? it - it's huge!i'll tell ya what, i'll bring it over.
 i'll stop by schnitzer's, i'll come by five after seven right after they leave.
oh, this is all locking in now.
 it is all locking in! hey.
 is that your horse outside?yeah.
 that's rusty.
what? he's outside?uh-huh.
aw, come on.
 i wanna go see him.
you wanna go see him?yeah.
 hey! hey!i'll show ya rusty.
hey, lainey, wanna see the horsey?well, you really did me in this time, didn't ya? first guy i like in a really long time.
 i mean, we're getting along, everything is just great.
 i mean, all right, so he doesn't do everything, and then you have to come along with your hot and your heavy.
so, you think clyde told him?he wrote a song about it!well, maybe it's a good thing.
no! it's not a good thing! it's a bad thing! do you know what this is like? to have no control over a relationship? and - and you feel sick to your stomach all the time? do you know what that's like?no, but i've read articles and i must say it, doesn't sound very pleasant.
you know, one of these days, something terrible is gonna happen to you.
 it has to!no.
 i'm gonna be just fine, but as far as your situation, you're seeing him tonight so talk to him about it.
i can't! he's got a big showcase for record producers at his late show tonight.
 i don't wanna upset him.
 aw, what the hell, i'll upset him.
yeah george, i gotta tell ya, this is a very nice gesture.
 we really appreciate it.
aw, well, you know, it's your anniversary.
 it's - it's the least i can do.
 i - i just want you guys to go out and have a good time.
 ha ha.
 so, you think we should, uh, we should get downstairs?oh, we got about twenty minutes.
 you, uh, seem a little nervous george.
 anything wrong?oh, no.
 no.
 no.
 no.
 no.
 nothing.
 i'm fine.
 everything's fine.
 fine.
 just get a little nervous on the weekends, that's all.
 could i, uh, could i get a glass of water?we've got water.
 i don't think we have any bread, but we've got water.
yeah.
 there ya go.
 that's beef-a-reeno.
 m so keen-o on beef-a-reeno what a delicious cuisine-o fit for a king and queen-o! yeah.
 eat up.
 i got thirty four more cans.
nice night for a hansom cab ride, ay george?you know, george we haven't done anything romantic like this in .
years.
 ll never show up!ah ha!there he is.
 right on time as usual.
 .
 .
 i'd like a marble rye, no plastic, in a bag.
ah! you're lucky.
 it's our last one.
wait a second, that's your last marble rye?that's right.
there's none left?that's what i said.
 number .
uh, excuse me.
 i know this is gonna sound crazy but i - i have to have that rye.
 it's a - it's a long story, but a person's whole future may depend on it.
well, i'm sorry, but you should have got here earlier.
yes.
 well, be that as it may, if you could just find it in yourself to give it up.
you're not getting this rye --all right.
 all right.
 i'll tell ya what i'm gonna do, i will give you double what you paid for it.
you're in my way!ahh! mr.
 ross.
 mrs.
 ross.
 my name is cosmo and i'll be your driver for this evening.
 we have blankets for your comfort.
 i also have hot chocolate if the mood should strike you.
my favorite.
well, if we're all set to go, why don't you two hop aboard and let me show you a little taste of old new york the way it once was.
 oh, happy anniversary.
 on, rusty!all right.
 look, i'll tell ya what, i'll give you $ .
 now, be reasonable you cannot turn down $ for a $ rye.
no? watch me.
give me that rye!stop it!i want that rye, lady!help! someone help!shut up, you old bag!stop thief! stop him! he's got my marble rye!i'm sorry to just show up unexpectedly like this.
 i know you've got your big showcase coming up later and i know how important it is, i know how hard you work for this night, but i just had to tell you that i never told jerry hot and heavy.
 i didn't think we were hot and heavy.
 i mean - i mean, who's hot and who's heavy?whoa.
 hold on, elaine i i'm kinda disappointed.
disappointed?yeah.
 i mean, i was excited when clyde told me that.
you were?absolutely.
ohh! whew! i am so relieved!listen, uh, i've still got a couple of hours to kill before the next show.
 my place is only a few blocks from here.
really?and you know what?what?i've been thinking about what we do and i'm thinking of adding a new number to my, you know, repertoire.
ohh!y'aah! what is that?i think it's the horse.
oh, god.
hey, how's everything? you you need anything?this is - this is horrible.
excuse me, what do you feed this animal?oh, you know, oats and hay.
 you know, they like that stuff.
i can't take this.
 let me out of this thing!turn this thing around.
 we've had it.
 we can't breathe back here! and hurry it up!rusty! rusty! whoa!wha - what happened? what are you doing back so soon?ask rusty.
i'm terribly sorry, mr.
 ross.
 one never knows how the gastrointestinal workings of the equine are going to function.
thanks for nothing! come on, george.
 let's go upstairs.
what the hell happened?the horse is gassy.
 must have been the beef-a-reeno.
beef-a-reeno? you fed the horse beef-a-reeno?!well, i overbought!george.
 what's going on? where is he?uh he'll be here soon.
i'll give him ten more minutes.
 i'm not gonna stay here all night.
how much did you give him?just a can.
 but he really liked it, though.
jerry! up here!yeah.
 hey, what do you want me to do with this?i can't come out.
 they're standing right by the door.
 throw it up!really?yeah.
 yeah.
 it's the only way.
 come on.
 what are you, kidding me?will you get this horse outta here.
 he's killing me.
 i can't get any oxygen.
i don't wanna go back on there!come on!  hey! hey, wait a second.
 i got an idea.
no.
 no.
 don't be silly, john, you were very good.
 you just don't have to try so hard.
 good luck, honey.
come on! come on!wait a second! i never baited a hook with a rye before.
 your hook is too small.
 this is for, like, a muffin.
 all right.
 take it away.
come on.
 come on.
 come on.
 yeah.
 yeah.
 ladies and gentlemen, john germaine.
how did you lock your keys in the car?how? cause i'm an idiot.
so why don't you get a locksmith?i was going to, but then i found out that the auto club has this free locksmith service, so i signed up.
 just waiting for the membership to kick in.
how long has your car been sitting in the yankee parking lot?i don't know, about three days.
hello boys.
y- you're not playin golf?yes, indeed.
 the calendar says winter, but he gods of spring are out.
are the courses open?no, no i'm sneaking in with stan the caddy, we've been going through the caddies entrance.
huh, no kidding?yeah, and i'll tell ya something else.
 stan's advice has transformed my game.
 he's never wrong.
 oh, he thinks eventually i'll have a shot at making it big on the senior tour.
 s my dream, jerry.
really, you're getting that good?oh, i'm the real deal.
yeah, here, stan, in here!there he is, yeah - jerry, george, is stan the caddy.
how ya doin'?hi.
nice to meet you.
 ready to hit the links, kramer?oh yeah, you betcha.
what are those, ah, cotton pants?yeah, yeah why, is it too cold out?here's what you do: you bring a lightweight jacket, that way the sun comes out, you play the jacket off the sweater.
ah, that makes sense, that's a good call, stan.
 alright, we'll see you guys later, huh?yeah.
yeah, we'll see ya.
 stan the caddy.
elaine?hi! oh, great.
 it's the bra-less wonder.
 who does she think she's kidding? look at her, she's totally out of control.
i was thinking that woman looks like elaine benes.
 yeah, ha ha ha.
 what have you been up to?i've just been hanging out.
i see.
hmm.
 oh, listen! i'm having a birthday party tomorrow evening, i'd love it if you came by.
oh tomorrow ? um-hm.
i don't know if i can.
nooo?yeah, i'm just really, really busy.
oh, that's too bad.
yeah, yeah.
well, i hope you can get me a gift anyway ha ha ha.
ah ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
george!? mr.
 wilhelm!i'm sorry to interrupt you, but mr.
 steinbrenner and i really want you to know we appreciate all the hours you've been putting in oh, and, ah, confidentially, sozonkel, our assistant to the general manger, hasn't really been working out.
 and the boss thinks you're the man for the job! so, keep it under your hat!assistant to the general manager!! do you know what means?!? he'd could be askin my advice on trades! trades, jerry, i'm a heartbeat away!that's a hell of an organization they're running up there.
 i can't understand why they haven't won a pennant in years.
and, it is all because of that car  see, steinbrenner is like the first guy in, at the crack of dawn.
 he sees my car, he figures i'm the first guy in  then, the last person to leave is wilhelm.
 he sees my car, he figures i'm burning the midnight oil.
 between the two of them, they think i'm working an hour day! locking your keys in your car is the best career move you ever made.
hey.
hey.
hey, how ya doing?!?better, now.
yeah, what happened?you know sue ellen mishke?sue ellen mishke? yeah, the woman i grew up with in maryland, she moved here last year sounds familiar.
the heiress to the o'henry candy bar fortune--oh, yeah, you mentioned her.
yes.
 yes i ran into her today.
 this woman has never, not once, ever, as long as i have known her, worn a bra.
ah, that is disgusting--that is just shameless, i don't know, there's no--she's a pig.
 the woman's a pig, what wrong with her--it's wrong, it's rude, and it's incorrect.
it's disgusting-- alright, there's no---come on! come-on.
we're only kidding!you don't understand.
 see, she hasn't changed at all.
 she stole my boyfriend when i was in high school.
 i was at this party, and i was dating this cute guy, his name was tom cosley, by the way, and she goes walking by, in this little floozy outfit, and he follows her, right out the door!she's your lex luthor!her birthday's comin up, see, so i decided to get her a little present.
what are you going to get her?a very traditional, a very supportive, brazier.
there's nothing subtle about that.
no, no, she might just think it's a gift.
have i ever bought you a jock strap as a gift?ahh, hey-ho.
 ahhhhh what the hell are you doing here, aren't you supposed to be at work?!?yeah, well i'm thinking about getting out of town with susan for a few days .
her parents rebuilt the cabin! so, you're just taking off from work?yeah well, they won't know.
 i got the car there.
do you think this is such a good idea, with you being on the verge of this big promotion?my presence, in that office, can only hurt my chances.
 sue ellen mishke to see you.
 sue ellen mishke? ah, alright, send her in.
hi elaine.
hellllloo.
i happened to be in the neighborhood, so i thought i'd stop in, and thank you for your lovely gift.
ohhhhh.
 you're .
welcome.
is anything wrong?well, sue ellen, it's a, it's not a top, it's a bra.
oh, i know.
 thanks again.
this is the life! isn't it, huh, kid?wanna check out a swap meet?yeah, maybe.
 d you get that?oh, it was on the windshield of the car when we came out of that rest stop.
 s george, i need ya to do me a favor.
what's goin on?i just remembered, th-th-there's this chinese restaurant out near yankee stadium, that puts flyers on all the cars.
yeah, so?alright, this is what ya gotta do: i need ya to go out to the parking lot at yankee stadium, take the flyers off my car.
you know last time you had me throwin a rye bread up three floors to you, now you want me to go up to the bronx, take flyers off your car, where does it end?!?alright, fine.
 i'll drive the hours each way, hours all together, and take em off myself!!alright, alright, i'll do it!!oowe hey, what are ya up to?nothin'.
you wanna go with me up to s car.
sure!i guess i coulda said just about anything there, couldn't i? yep.
oh, man, look at this mess! you know what's gonna happen if they see this?wheehhwhat are we gonna do?i don't know.
well, we gotta get it washed .
ah, the keys are locked inside!wait a second .
what are ya gonna do?i'll just snag the lock with this.
 auhh here we go yeah, this quite a life i lead here, huh?well, george has gotta be happy about this.
yeah, yeah, yeah oh my god, kramer, is that woman just wearing a bra? oh, mama.
kramer!!! my god, are you okay?well i got a cut on my head and i banged my shoulder.
 i guess i have to bring his car back up to the stadium, if it can make it.
so how did this happen?he was starin at some woman!well i couldn't help it, you saw what she was wearing.
what woman?there was this beautiful woman walking down the street wearing a bra.
 i can't get that image out of my mind.
 oh my god.
what?was it a tall woman, in a black blazer?yeah!ohhh! that's sue ellen mishke! sue ellen mishke?that's the bra i gave here, she's wearing it as a top! the woman is walking around in broad daylight with nothing but a bra on, she's a menace to society.
hey you know, my arm really hurts.
 i wonder if its gonna affect my golf swing.
 oohh.
i got your message, how's the shoulder?yeah, it's my left arm, i can't swing it!oh, no.
 not the left arm!well what happens if i can't play like i was? what about the tour, and all my dreams?oh! i got it! let's sue her!sue her?yeah, she's loaded.
 she's the heiress to the o'henry candy bar fortune.
ah, no, no, no, i can't.
 i learned my lesson from that coffee company.
kramer, listen to me.
 listen! this is a once in a lifetime opportunity.
 your dreams have been shattered, somebody's got to be held accountable.
 come on, we'll take for every penny she's got!what do you think, stan?let's go for the green! you know a good lawyer?so you're driving in the car, you're with your friend, minding your own business?yeah.
then what happened?well then we saw this woman, and she was wearing a bra with no top.
no top? she didn't have a top on? yeah.
 so i got distracted and i crashed the car.
well how would you describe this woman? would you say she was an attractive woman?oh, yeah.
so we got an attractive woman, wearing a bra, no top, walkin around in broad daylight.
 she's flouting society's conventions! she was flouting.
that's totally inappropriate.
 it's lewd, lascivious, salacious, outrageous!it was outrageous.
 and she's the heir to the o'henry candy bar fortune.
could you repeat that?i said she's the heir to the o'henry candy bar fortune.
o'henry? that's one of our top-selling candy bars.
 it's got chocolate, peanuts, nougat, it's delicious, scrumptious, outstanding! have you been to a doctor?no.
susie, call dr.
 bison, set up an appointment for mr.
 kramer, tell him it's for me.
so whadda ya think, jackie? i mean we got a case?like taking candy from a baby.
i think i got it.
 how bout this? how bout this? we trade jim leyritz and bernie williams, for barry bonds, huh? whadda ya think? that way i have griffey and bonds, in the same outfield! now you got a team! ha ha ha.
i don't know, george.
 i'm still worried about this car thing.
oh, would ya stop worrying? well, what about the flyers?jerry took the flyers off the car, i got the whole thing covered.
come in!ah, wilhelm.
mr.
 steinbrenner, i am very concerned about george costanza.
how bout a good morning'?oh yes sir, good morning, good morning, sir.
good morning to you, wilhelm.
uh-a anyway, his car's in the parking lot, the front end is bashed in, and there's blood in the car, and we can't find him anywhere.
 obviously he was in some sort of a terrible car accident, and trooper that he is, he tried to make it into work, sir.
alright, wilhelm, listen to me.
 i want the stadium scoured.
 he could be bleeding to death in the bullpen.
yes sir.
 put everyone on alert, check all the area hospitals, clinics, shelters, we've gotta find that kid.
 yes sir, yes sir.
 we must find george.
yes sir.
find him, wilhelm! yes sir.
excuse me, do you happen to know the gentleman across the hall?yes, yes, i do.
do you happen to know if he'll be back anytime soon?no, i don't.
oh is there, something i can help you with?no, i really just needed to speak with him.
 well, you can wait for him in here if you like.
oh, well maybe i will.
if you don't mind.
no, no, not at all.
thanks.
i'm jerry seinfeld.
what is with these people, all day long.
 come in, come in.
ah, mr.
 steinbrenner, you know, w-we've searched everywhere, th-there's no sign of him.
 n-n-not even anyone who remotely fits his description, sir.
oh my god.
 do you know what this means, wilhelm? what, sir?he's dead! ca-costanza's dead!no no no sir.
 well, you see, i don't think--oh, as quickly as he came here, he's gone.
 the poor little guy! easy.
 easy, big stein, get it together.
 ok, wilhelm.
yessir?find out where his parents live.
parents.
i'm gonna personally notify them.
 and, ah, line up some candidates to fill that assistant to the general manager position yessir.
 we can't grieve forever! right.
 yessir.
we gotta get back to business! yes sir! back to business wilhelm! yes sir!well, buddy, s all over it!oh, really?why, wh-wh-what's wrong, come on?i don't know uuh- so the woman was walking around in a bra yeah- i mean it's no big deal.
 you're still drivin'.
 you should have been watching the road.
 well, your attitude has certainly changed.
i don't think my attitude has changed.
now listen, jerry, i'm gonna need you to testify.
 t know if i .
jerry, jerry, you gotta testify!kramer i don't think i can--listen, this is a million dollars we're talkin about, jerry, now this is the big league, the big time, now i need you on my team, jerry!well, i'm just not sure how i feel about it, kramer.
alright what's gotten into you, what's happened?!?nothing's happened.
goohhhhck.
ohhhh, what's this?oh, no, no, no, wait a second, wait a second th-th-that--oh i see .
yessss.
 little miss candy bar paid a visit, didn't she?kramer, it is not what you think.
ah, ah, ahhhhh! i know what i think.
 i think you're gaga over this dame.
 she's twisted you around her little finger, and now, you're willing to sell me, and elaine, and whoever else you have to, right down the river.
and what about yooou?!? tryin to bilk an innocent bystander out of a family fortune, built on sweat and toil, manufacturing quality o'henry candy bars, for honest, hard-working americans!you're just out for sex!!you're just out for money!!ah, ah, ahhhhh!!!!!!mrs.
 costanza?yesss?my name is george steinbrenner, i'm afraid i have some very sad new about your son.
 i can't believe it, he was so young.
 how could this have happened?well, he'd been logging some pretty heavy hours, first one in in the morning, last one to leave at night.
 that kid was a human dynamo.
are you sure you're talking about george?you are mr.
 and mrs.
 costanza?what the hell did you trade jay buener for?!? he had home runs, and over rbis last year.
 he's got a rocket for an arm - - you don't know what the hell you're doin'!!well, buhner was a good prospect, no question about it.
 but my baseball people love ken phelps bat.
 they kept saying ken phelps, ken phelps'.
'i'm not here, leave a message.
'jerry, it's frank costanza, mr.
 steinbrenner's here, george is dead, call me back!hello?hey, it's george.
 where have you been?!?what?i just got the most bizarre message from you father, steinbrenner is at you house, they think you're dead!dead? yeah, and we had an accident with your car, it's a, it's a little crumpled.
my car's a little crumpled?!?yeah, yeah, i didn't know what to do so i put it back at the stadium.
 oh, wait a second, wait a second, they saw the car, they saw the blood, they couldn't find ya, that's why steinbrenner thinks you're dead!allright, i gotta head back right away, i'll-i'll -- i gotta figure something out here.
well you gotta call your parents.
i can't, steinbrenner might still be there!aren't you gonna tell your parents you're still alive?oouuoo! they could use the break!elaine, do you see this? do you see what i'm holding in my hands?yeah, it's a bra.
i saw a woman in our hallway wearing one of these as a top.
 what exquisite beauty, i ran down the hallway to talk to her, but the elevator door closed.
 it was not to be.
 perhaps our paths will cross again some day.
w-what is this all about?i wanna market this item as a new direction in women's fashion.
 oh-oh, but-we're gonna sell this as a top.
 here's the angle: zelda fitzgerald, aaaand, somebody in the s, wearing this at wild parties, driving all the men crazy have it on my desk by the end of the week.
come in, come in.
mr.
 steinbrenner--ahhh, ahhh! ah, ah ah! is it you? yeah, it's me sir.
 it's been a harrowing few days.
 uuh, after the car accident, i-i crawled into a ditch, and managed to survive on, grubs and puddle water, until a kindly old gentleman picked me up.
grubs, huh? gotta admit, i never tasted one of those.
 anyway, as i was lying in the puddle, i-i think i may have found a way for us to get bonds and griffey, and we wouldn't have to give up that much.
well, don't tell it to me george, tell it to the new assistant to the general manager.
i didn't get the job?well, once you were dead, we couldn't just sit on our hands.
 we had to make a move but, you still have your old job.
 of course, we'll have to dock you for the time you missed.
 we're running a ball club here.
 if i give special treatment to you, everyone will want it.
 next thing you know its chaos! and i can tell you this, m running the show!so it was the meeting on the street that prompted you to buy the bra for miss mishke, would you say that was correct?yes ummm, s correct.
and you have also brought with you, another bra, exactly like, the one that she so flagrantly exhibited herself in!yes, that's correct.
uh, what was you golf score, the last round you played uh, before you shoulder was injured?three under par.
oooohhhh, three under par, hmm that's what the professionals shoot, isn't it?well if they're lucky.
well would you tell this jury exactly what you saw at the corner of rd street and columbus?i don't remember.
well, did you, or did you not, see the defendant, wearing the bra?i don't know.
 maybe.
mr.
 seinfeld, i might remind you that you are under oath.
 now i ask you again, did you or did you not, see this woman wearing a bra?!? .
alright, alright, i saw her! and she was beautiful in that bra! i'm crazy about her! i love her whole free swinging, free wheeling attitude!this court will come to order!no further questions, your honor.
you may step down.
well kramer, i think we got this wrapped up.
yeah, yeah what's your read, stan?you're close, you're on the green.
 you just have to go for the cup.
what do you mean?have her try on the bra, see if it fits.
no, no, no, no! do it, jackie.
 stan's the man.
stan? who the hell is stan? he's my caddy.
you're caddy?!? this is a big mistake! gu-gu- cada-your honor, we request at this time, that miss mishke try on the bra.
 this court will come to order! go ahead miss mishke, try it on.
uhhh-ah, it doesn't fit i, i-i can't put it on.
 damn fools! look at that! we got nothin now, nothin'! i've been practicing law for years, you're listenin to a caddy! ok, ok-oh, no, i-i don't think so.
yeah, yeah, thanks.
oh, i don't think you'll have any trouble gettin a table.
 oh, look at this!boy, i miss the days they made toys that could kill a kid.
 oh, cool! look at that! m right there with ya.
 s model! oh, i always wanted one of these when i was little.
what d'you think jerry? jerry? huh?what d'you think?oh yeah, be great for your paper route.
 m getting it.
can you help me get it down, jer? jerry.
i think your friend needs some help over there.
you know, the only way to really help her is to just let her be.
hey!a little baby girl?doctor says it could be any day now.
 s second cousin, right? so what does that make me?doesn't make you anything.
 well, so, legally, i could marry your daughter.
so, have you picked out a name yet?well, we've narrowed it down to a few.
 we like kimberley.
aww.
 hu-ho, boy.
you don't like kimberley?ech.
 what else you got?how about joan?aw c'mon, i'm eating here.
 george!pamela?pamela?! awright, i tell you what.
 you look like nice people, i'm gonna help you out.
 you want a beautiful name? soda.
what?soda.
 s-o-d-a.
 soda.
i don't know, it sounds a little strange.
all names sound strange the first time you hear em.
 what, you telling me people loved the name blanche the first time they heard it?yeah, but uh soda?yeah, that's right.
 it's working.
we'll put it on the list.
i solve problems.
 that's just what i do.
 s good.
you're really going to town with that turkey there.
oh yeah, i got a big appetite.
uhh, jerry, you got no mustard, huh.
it's on the door.
 what, this yellow stuff? no, i said mustard, jerry.
 dijon.
ah, s no good.
no.
 that's bush league.
hey, hey.
 wha wait what, you're gonna leave it there? that's like half a pound of turkey!no, no, i can't eat that.
 you can't eat a sandwich without dijon.
 re right.
 i really should keep more of your favourites on hand.
hey, hey, hey.
 i'm getting a vibe here.
 what, are you unhappy with our arrangement?what arrangement?well, i was under the impression that i could take anything i wanted from your fridge, and you could take whatever you want from mine.
 yeah, well, lemme know when you get something in there and i will.
oh, hey.
hey.
hey.
 what's with your neck?still killing me from having to get that bike off the wall.
 by myself.
well, if it's any consolation, i did get her number.
 ah, i think i really strained it.
 ow.
aw, i doubt you strained it.
 maybe you pulled it.
ach, maybe.
did you twist it? you coulda twisted it.
i don't know.
did you wrench it? did you jam it? maybe you squeezed it.
 turned it  t you just shut the hell up?awright.
god.
 man, this is killing me.
 right now, i would give that bike to the first person who could make this pain go away.
aw, you really hurting, huh?oh, kramer, it's just awful.
uh hmm.
 well, your arterioles have constricted.
alright, lean forward, relax.
 what? what?encounter shiatsu.
wait a minute.
 kramer, you know what you're doing here? s natural pressure points.
ah hah.
 he sells tee-shirts outside the world trade centre.
 wha ?he's a genius.
 here we go from pain, will come pleasure.
uh? voila.
 oh my god!yeah.
wow! that is unbelievable.
 the pain is totally gone!what's even more amazing is his formal training is in pediatrics.
awright, my work is done here.
 oh man! kramer, thank you! yeah, you can send that bike over any time.
 what, what is he talking about?i dunno.
 d give the bike to anyone who fixes your neck.
you really think he wants the bike?oh yeah.
it took him like ten seconds!well, that's the most he's worked in the last four months.
i think they really went for that soda.
what, are you crazy? they hated it.
 they were just humouring you.
ah, alright.
 believe me, that kid's gonna be called soda.
i can tell you, i would never name my child soda.
oh, no no no.
 course not.
 i got a great name for our kids.
 a real original.
 you wanna hear what it is? huh, you ready?yeah.
what is that? sign language?no, seven.
seven costanza? you're serious?yeah.
 it's a beautiful name for a boy or a girl  especially a girl.
 or a boy.
i don't think so.
what, you don't like the name?it's not a name.
 it's a number.
i know.
 it's mickey mantle's number.
 so not only is it an all around beautiful name, it is also a living tribute.
it's awful.
 i hate it! s the name! oh no it is not! no child of mine is ever going to be named seven! t get all crazy on me!seven? yeah, i guess i could see it.
 seven.
 seven periods of school, seven beatings a day.
 roughly seven stitches a beating, and eventually seven years to life.
 yeah, you're doing that child quite a service.
 yes i am.
 i defy you to come up with a better name than seven.
awright, let's see.
 how about mug? or uh, ketchup? pretty name for a girl.
alright, you having a good time there?i got fifty right here in the cupboard.
 how about bisquik? pimento.
 gherkin.
 sauce.
 maxwell house.
 awright already!! this is a very key issue with me, jerry.
 i had this name for a long time.
oh, i forgot to call christie.
christie? that's the one you met in the antique store?yeah, she had this great black and white dress, with a scoop neck.
 she looked like some kinda superhero.
and you met her in an antique store! i don't know how you do it! m not engaged.
ah, i got it.
got what? got the answer, jerry.
 refrigerator problem, is solved.
oh, it's no problem.
 you can take whatever you want.
oh, i will.
 but now, i'm accountable.
 alright, i take what i want.
here.
 i write it down.
 there.
 very simple.
sort of a mooching inventory.
no, no.
 not mooching.
 cos at the end of the week, you add em all up, and you give me the bill.
alright.
alright, now look i gotta run some errands, so look.
 when elaine comes by with that bike, you hang onto it for me, alright?kramer, i don't know if you're getting that bike.
yes i am.
 we had a verbal contract.
 if we can't take each other at our word, all is lost.
 oh yeah, yeah.
 put that on my tab.
well this is it.
 the food is atrocious, but the busboys are the best in the city.
yes, thank you.
the same outfit?the exact same outfit.
how many days was it between encounters.
three.
three days.
 well, maybe you caught her on the cusp of a new wash cycle.
 you know, she did laundry the day after she met you, everything got clean and she started all over again.
possibly, but then shouldn't the outfit only reappear again at the end of the cycle?maybe she moved it up in the rotation.
why? it's our first date, she's already in reruns?very curious.
indeed.
you know, einstein wore the exact same outfit every day.
well, if she splits the atom, i'll let it slide.
 m heading home.
hey, did susan change her mind about the name? s weakening.
you know, george, just because your life is destroyed, don't destroy someone else's.
it's mickey mantle, jerry.
 my idol.
how about mickey'?'mickey'? !hey buddy.
 hey, is this your half a can of soda in the fridge?no, that's yours.
 my half is gone.
what?yeah, i put my half a can here on the tab.
 why, what's your beef?you cannot buy half a can of soda.
well, why not.
well, i don't wanna get into the whole physics of carbonation with you here, but you know the sound a can makes when you open it?yeah.
that is the sound of you buying a whole can.
 and the same goes for this, okay  when you pierce the skin of a piece of fruit, you've bought the whole fruit.
 not a third of an apple, not a half of a banana alright.
 you bite it, you bought it.
alright, alright.
 i'll make the necessary adjustments, alright.
thank you.
yeah.
hey.
oh.
 s the neck? nice and loose?lookit, kramer, you are not getting this bike.
 i don't even know why you ant it.
 s bike.
 s a verbal contract.
 we had a deal.
no we didn't.
 you take these things too literally.
 it's like saying, you're hungry enough to eat a horse.
well, my friend jay reimenschneider eats horse all the time.
 he gets it from his butcher.
this is not the point.
 t have the bike.
boy, i am really surprised at you.
 you are the last person i figured would do something like this.
 i mean, george, yeah, i can see that.
 even jerry.
 but not you, elaine i always put you up here  they're over here.
 now you're aww-whawww.
 alright.
 digidi.
aw c'mon.
 it's a fantastic name.
 it's a real original, nobody else is gonna have it and i absolutely love it.
well, i dunno how original it's gonna be any more.
why not?well i was telling carrie about our argument, and when i told them the name, they just loved it.
so, what're you saying?they're gonna name their baby seven.
 s my name, i made it up!i can't believe that they're using it.
 s gonna lose all its cachet!i dunno how much cachet it had to begin with.
 s got cachet up the yin-yang! kramer!watch your step.
 stupid kramer.
excuse me.
 elaine?huh?over here.
 i thought that was you.
 you're jerry's friend, right?yeah, yeah.
 uh, christie?yes.
 how y'doing? m fine.
well, i gotta run.
 it was good to see you.
 okay, oh, it was good to, good to see you.
you got that right! s bike.
 kramer! kramer!hello.
hello, ken.
 it's george costanza.
 i think we need to talk.
 kramer!kramer!!heyow! god! is kramer back from his little joyride yet?haven't seen him.
 how's the neck?his chiropractic job was a crock.
 it's even worse than it was before.
boy, i'm surprised.
 s spine around.
hey, you know what, i think i ran into that girl from the antique store.
 what's her name, christie?you saw her? what was she wearing?i don't know.
 i couldn't see.
 i couldn't look down because of my neck.
didn't you get a glimpse? an impression?what d'you care?both times i've seen her she's worn the same dress.
did you have a nice ride?oh, great ride.
oh, that's good.
 cos it was your last!what're you talking about?! we had a deal! t even crawl out of bed this morning.
bed? you should be sleeping on a wooden board for at least a week.
what? you never told me that.
well, it's common sense.
jerry, what is he talking about? he's being ridiculous.
alright, look.
 jerry, you know the whole story, you should settle this.
yeah jerry.
well, i'm flattered that you would both appeal to my wisdom, but unfortunately, my friendship to each of you precludes my getting involved.
 what you need is an impartial mediator.
yeah, i'd go for that.
 would you go for that?alright, i'm down.
course, it would have to be someone who hasn't heard the story before.
 someone who is unencumbered by any emotional attachment.
 someone whose heart is so dark, it cannot be swayed by pity, compassion, or human emotion of any kind.
so, that's the situation.
mmm.
 you present an interesting dilemma.
 each of you seemingly has a legitimate claim to the bicycle, and yet the bicycle can have only one rightful owner.
 quite the conundrum.
 as a federal employee, i believe the law is all we have.
 t belong!! newman! but, you must promise that you will abide by my decision, no matter how unjust it may seem to either of you.
 do i have your word?uh, yeah.
yeah.
alright, let's begin.
 ooh, my cocoa!why can't we use seven?it's my name.
 i made it up.
 you can't just steal it.
well, it's not as if susan's pregnant.
 you've already postponed the wedding.
 who knows if you'll ever get married.
hey, hey hey.
 don't worry about me.
 i'm not a waffler.
 i don't waffle!right, we're both big mickey mantle fans, and we love the name.
 it's very unusual.
 what happened to soda?! i thought we all agreed on soda.
 t care for soda.
you don't care for soda?! t like soda at all! s refreshing!oh!what is it?i felt something.
are you okay, honey?i think i'm going into labour.
oh god, oh god.
 okay, let's not panic.
 let's just get to the hospital okay.
 alright? i got the suitcase packed, right here.
what about six?nine.
 thirt thirteen's no good.
fourteen.
 fourteen!are you okay, jerry? you seem quiet.
no, i'm just a little uh, worn out.
i know exactly what you mean.
oh, i'm sure you do.
what in god's name is going on here? is she wearing the same thing over and over again? or does she have a closet full of these, like superman? i've got to unlock this mystery.
 oh my god!oh.
ahh.
 i can't go to the movies like this.
 do you mind if we go back to my apartment, so i can change?change? s a super idea.
are we almost there?just keep breathing, okay.
 okay, okay.
okay.
 you know, the thing is, i kinda promised the widow mantle that i would name my baby seven.
now's not the best time, george! s just that, i know her, and boy  s in labour! so am i!well, you've both presented very convincing arguments.
 on the one hand, elaine, your promise was given in haste.
 but was it not still a promise? hmm?and, kramer, you did provide a service in exchange for compensation.
 but, does the fee, once paid, not entitle the buyer to some assurance of reliability? hmm? huh? ahh.
 these were not easy questions to answer.
 not for any man  but i have made a decision.
 we will cut the bike down the middle, and give half to each of you.
 what?! this is your solution?! to ruin the bike?!alright, fine.
 fine.
 go ahead.
 cut the stupid thing in half.
no, no, no.
 give it to her.
 i'd rather it belonged to another than see it destroyed.
 newman, give it to her, i beg you.
yeah, yeah, y-yeah.
not so fast, elaine! only the bike's true owner would rather give it away than see it come to harm.
 kramer, the bike is yours!what?!sweet justice.
 newman, you are wise.
 t fair! lookit, my neck is still hurting me, and now you have the bike?!well, tell it to the judge, honey.
 i'm going for a ride.
here we are.
 ah, so this is the fortress of solitude.
well, i guess i'll go change.
yes, change.
 by all means, change.
august seventeen, nineteen-ninety-two.
 the same dress! she never changes! oh my god.
 s gotta have hundreds of these dresses.
there must be a secret stash around here somewhere.
ahem! are you looking for something?what're you doing? i thought you were changing.
no, i, i'm thinking we should just call it a night.
no, no.
 c'mon, put something else on.
 it's early, let's go out.
if it's all the same to you, i think i'm just gonna go to bed.
you know, i'm kinda tired myself.
 maybe i'll just sleep here on the couch.
 then in the morning, you'll get dressed, we'll walk out together.
 both dressed, different clothes.
 well, i'll be in the same clothes.
 you'll of course be in different clothes, because it's your apartment.
 but we'll go downstairs, me in my same clothes, you in your different clothes.
 t think so.
you wanna throw something on and walk me to a cab? get out.
 ll help you lay it out on the bed.
okay, breathe, honey.
 breathe.
 re really being very selfish.
 it would be nice if you would think of someone other than yourself every now and then! m having a baby!!george, you're not getting seven! now get outta here!! please! i have so little!sorry sir, it's family only.
i'm family.
 i'm having sex with the cousin!seven!!hello, christie? i was wondering if we could get together again? you wear the same dress all the time? hello.
 t expect me to pay for the whole box.
alright, hobo joe.
 i didn't wanna put a damper on your little smorgasbord here, but it's the end of the week, so i added up your tab.
 yikes.
i know.
 pretty steep.
well, i don't have this kind of cash.
few do.
i'm good for it.
yeah, well, until this bill is paid  the food court is closed.
 t eat any more.
hey, that's my bike! along the sidewalk comes a happy-looking newman, pedalling the schwinn for all he's worth.
 he rings the bell.
gangway!this is my bike!oh no.
 no no no no.
 i bought it from kramer.
 he was hard up for cash.
 fifty bucks! can you believe it? of course, i had to make some minor modifications, you know.
 solid tires, reinforced seatpost, heavy duty shocks.
 but, baby, this is one sweet ride.
 no, you better gimme back that bike.
 newman, gimme hey!! help me!hey! you're back!oh, i'm back, baby.
yeah, how was it?great.
 one of the best jobs i ever had.
good for you.
i killed.
you killed.
 not only that, the money was unbelievable.
unbelievable.
yeah.
 highest paying job i ever had.
how much? d rather aw, c'mon.
nah.
 it's not good for friends to talk about money, it can affect the friendship.
i tell you how much i make.
and i'm always impressed.
just show me the cheque, c'mon.
awright, fine.
 you wanna see it?i wanna see it.
okay.
here, check that out.
 whuf! this is unbelievable.
i told you.
my god, you're rich.
 oh yeah.
i didn't know you made that kinda money.
 jeez.
what?i don't think i can talk to you any more.
 i feel inferior.
i never shoulda told you.
you know, jerry, i think this changes the relationship.
 i mean, i feel it.
 do you feel it?no, i can't feel anything.
well, what're you gonna do with all that money?actually, i was thinking of donating a large portion of it to charity.
 really? no.
well, you should, jerry.
no, to tell you the truth, i was thinking of buying my father a new car.
now, you see, that's nice.
maybe a cadillac.
 cadillac.
 ooh-la-la.
yeah.
 m gonna do it.
you're gonna score some big points with the man upstairs on this one.
oh, isn't that what it's all about?who was pippi longstocking?pippi longstocking? t know.
did she have anything to do with hitler?hitler? maybe.
hey.
hey george.
have you seen jerry? clock.
 you remember katy? re uh, married to the eye guy.
also ear, nose and throat.
nose.
  s funny.
ah, you don't have to tell me.
ahh, ladies, please, please.
 oh, you know what? he got engaged.
oh, you did? oh.
what? is that bad?i actually would've set you up with a friend of mine.
oh-ho, yeah?you'd be perfect for her.
 she loves quirky, funny guys.
 bald? uh?loves bald.
loves bald? wow.
 who uh, who is she?marisa tomei.
 the actress?yeah.
you're friends with marisa tomei?that's right.
 s incredible.
 my cousin vinnie, i love her, she was fantastic!yeah, i know.
 you were gonna fix me up with her?yeah, she's just been sitting home.
 t you tell me that katy was friends with marisa tomei?! t know what i was thinking.
i want this baby fully loaded.
 okay, thanks, bye.
hey, guess what.
 i just bought my father a cadillacreally? wow, you're quite the good son.
yeah, i'm a very good boy.
 i'm flying down there and surprising him.
you gonna sleep on the fold-out? yeah, yes.
uh, let me ask you something.
 you uh, you ever hear of marisa tomei?the actress?yeah.
 she's uh, she's something, isn't she?oh yeah.
well, you know katy, elaine's friend?yeah?she happens to be very good friends with her.
marisa tomei?uh-hmm.
how does she know marisa tomei?i don't know, i didn't ask.
you didn't ask how she knows marisa tomei?not the point!alright.
can i finish?go ahead.
 seems like a reasonable question, is all i'm saying.
 i would've asked her.
alright! so, she said, that she could've fixed me up with her.
what d'you mean, could've?well, you know, if i uh, wasn't engaged.
ohh!coulda fixed me up with marisa tomei.
 she said i was just her type!really? s type, but apparently, this marisa tomei loves funny, quirky, bald men.
you know, she won an academy award? s like if fifty years ago, someone fixed me up with katherine hepburn? same thing!now there's a match.
 you and katherine hepburn.
i mean, you've seen her, right?katherine hepburn? oh yeah.
 marisa tomei!yeah, yeah, yeah.
i mean, she's beautiful, right? she's just my type.
 the dark hair, the full lips.
you like full lips.
oh, i love full lips.
 something you can really put the lipstick on.
mmm-mmm.
 too bad you're engaged.
 yeah, too bad.
 too bad.
 this is no good.
hi.
hi, uh, excuse me.
 i'm uh, i'm with plaza cable.
 i'm sorry to bother you.
 i i'm looking for the guy who lives over here.
 been waiting about uh, heh, two hours.
 you uh, happen to know where he is?no.
if you see him, could you just tell him the cable company was here?sure.
thanks.
 nice people.
listen, lemme ask you a question.
 what if i got a cup of coffee with her?well, what about susan? m not allowed to have coffee?!would you tell susan about it? not necessarily.
well, if you can't tell susan about it, then there's something wrong.
 we had a pact!hey, cable guy's looking for you.
oh, yeah?yeah.
oh.
 yeah, i been getting hbo and showtime for free.
 see, they just found out about it, so now they wanna come and take it out.
well, said he was waiting about two hours.
 seemed a little put out.
oh, was he? was he? i guess the cable man doesn't like to be kept waiting.
you don't seem too bothered by it.
you remember what they did to me ten years ago? oh, we'll be there in the morning between nine and one', or we'll be there between two and six'! t it?boy, i've never seen you like this.
oh, you don't wanna get on my bad side.
 positrack, which was not available on the sixty-four buick skylark.
hey.
 re you watching? what is that? my cousin vinnie?yeah.
i thought you saw that before.
 how come you're watching that again?i i i dunno.
did you know marisa tomei won an oscar for that? boy, she's beautiful, don't you think? i wish i looked like that.
turn it off.
 you're making me jealous.
 i'm gonna think you like her more than you like me.
 hu, ha.
hello.
 s me, george.
george.
 how come you're whispering? never mind, never mind.
 i need you to do me a favour.
 uhm, remember what we were talking about at the coffee shop earlier?no.
 think, a second.
 you know, your friend was talking about me and, you know ech, george, i have no idea what you're talking about.
 the actress.
what? marisa tomei!what? uh, ah, nothing.
 nothing.
oh, yeah.
 yeah, what about her?well, uhm, i think i'd like to do it.
what? re engaged!a cup of coffee.
 that, that doesn't mean anything.
uhh.
 no george!elaine.
forget it!elaine! elaine!!d'oh oh, oh, the judge! i hate this guy!i can't believe you're buying your father a car.
and, best of all, it's a cadillac.
 wow.
i had no idea you had this kind of money.
ahh, i uh, i don't like to talk about it.
yeah, i thought you were doing okay.
 i just didn't think you were in this kind of, you know, uh position.
ah, it's just money.
 re you getting back from florida?oh, i don't know, play it by ear.
 why?i don't know.
 s all.
are you okay? sure, sure.
what was that?quiet, quiet.
hey, uh, you know the guy who lives here?yeah.
 all morning i been waiting here.
 all morning.
 m not gonna put up with it much longer.
i'm loving this.
kramer, there's a guy out here that yeah, yeah.
 i know, i know.
 oh.
 thanks very much for yesterday, by the way.
jerry, he want me to fix him up with marisa tomei.
 i am not gonna be a part of this! fixed up? a cup of coffee! a cup of coffee is not a fix up!you wanna meet her.
 you wanna see if she likes you? so what? so what if i do? re engaged! m aware!! but this is marisa tomei, elaine.
 an oscar winner! how can i live the rest of my life, knowing i coulda been with marisa tomei? she said i was just her type! she loves short, stocky, balding funny men!i notice you threw stocky in there.
yeah, what the hell?!george! it's cheating.
 s no sex!yes it is! ahh! jerry!uhm, hold, hold on a second.
 t hear what you said.
 please, make the call.
 ll make  alright.
eight-fifty.
oh, right.
so uh, how are you getting to the airport? d'you need a ride, or no, don't be silly, i've arranged a car.
you sure? you sure? cos, you know maybe i'll let you pick me up.
 okay.
oh, hi.
 uhm, is katy there? oh, really?well, could you tell her elaine called? yeah, thanks.
huh, she's in the hospital.
 she has an arrhythmia.
 what about marisa tomei?!morty, what d'you have to open this box for? s already a box of cookies open.
i wanted a chip ahoy.
i don't like all these open boxes.
look, i got a few good years left.
 if i want a chip ahoy, i'm having it.
surprise! jerry! oh, my god!what the hell are you doing here?i'm a good son.
just like that? no calls?just like that.
boy, you are really something.
to what do we owe this great honour?you wanna know? come on outside.
outside? what's going on?whenever jerry comes, something exciting happens.
 heh hah!c'mon, c'mon.
well, what d'you think?look at this! look at this! you bought a cadillac?!i bought it for you.
 it's yours.
you what? you bought me a cadillac?i bought you a cadillac.
 here you go.
 are you out of your mind?what? t want it? are you kidding?he's not buying us a cadillac.
what are you, nuts?it's a very nice gesture jerry, but take it back.
 can you believe this?!i'm not letting him buy us a cadillac.
 he hasn't got that kind of money.
how d'you know?oh, get out of here mister big shot.
why can't i buy my father a car?your father doesn't need a car.
yes, i do!oh, morty.
we're keeping it.
over my dead body.
 well, this worked out just as i had hoped.
giddyup.
yeah, this is nick stevens, from plaza cable.
well, i waited all morning again.
 you said you were gonna be there from nine to one.
i was there.
 where were you? you think i got nothing better to do than stand outside all morning, waiting for you to show up?!you're not gonna get away with this!hey jerry, look at this.
 my seat's got a memory, in case somebody moves it.
 i could be in prison for five years.
 i come out, my seat goes right back to where i like it.
that's what i was thinking.
 hello, jerry.
hiya, jack.
 you like this?who's car?it's mine.
yours?that's right.
 my son bought it for me.
he what?my son bought me the car.
 it's a present.
 you bought it?that's right.
 i bought it.
you ever see one so nice?some car.
you wanna take a ride?no, thank you.
c'mon, take a ride.
i don't wanna take a ride.
why not?i don't feel like taking a ride.
 do i have to take a ride?!he doesn't wanna take a ride.
uh huh.
 ve ridden in a cadillac hundreds of times.
 thousands.
 thousands?!what? d'you think you're such a big shot now, because you got a cadillac? ahh! yaah!could you believe that guy?aahh!anyway, i was thinking about what you said.
 about uh, me and marisa.
you know, about the uh, two of us getting together.
 and i know that i said i was engaged, but you think? s yes.
 can you move a pinkie?y'hello.
 ve got a report about some trouble on your line.
hmm.
 well, i haven't had any trouble.
uh, the thing is, we happen to have a man right in your neighbourhood.
 ohh, is that right? well, i have been having a little trouble with my call-waiting.
we can fix that.
 we can fix that.
 t have call-waiting.
 seems to me that the phone company would know that.
oh, right.
 m sorry, i was looking at the wrong work order.
yeah.
 could you hold on for a second? i've got something on the stove.
hey, mcnab!chunnel's on hbo tonight.
 why don't you stop by?alright.
 next thing on the agenda, the restoration of the fence at the briarwood gate.
 at the present time, we are still accepting bids.
c'mon morty, it's been broken for six months already.
 what the hell are you doing?well, i, as your president, have to find the best price, and right now, i for one, do not think it's cost-feasible.
 t.
what was that?c'mon morty, the jig is up!what're you talking about?i'm sorry.
 i'm sitting here, the whole meeting, holding my tongue.
 i've known you a long time, morty, but i cannot hold it in any longer.
what's going on, jack?i'll tell you what's going on.
 morty seinfeld has been stealing funds from the treasury.
stealing?!what proof do you have?proof? you want proof? he's driving around in a brand new cadillac.
 now what more proof do you want?my son bought me that car!your son?yeah.
your son could never afford that car.
 we all saw his act, last year, at the playhouse.
 he's lucky he can pay his rent!jack's right! he stinks!it's his material.
i tell you, he bought it for me! i move for a full investigation!i second.
 go introduce myself.
hey! what're you watching? you have a thing for her? s trying to fix us up.
 who, who would try and fix me up with marisa tomei?what are you talking about?have i told you how much i love you today?not in the last fifteen minutes.
well, i do love you very much.
and i love you, marisa.
well then, c'mon, get dressed.
 we're going to be late for the premiere.
impeachment?that's right.
 have you ever heard of anything like that?can they do that?if they get the votes.
i told you we shouldn't have let him give us the car.
didn't you tell em i got the bill of sale? that proves i paid for it.
it doesn't make a difference.
 they think we're in cahoots.
you know, you could put a fence around these condos, and call it an insane asylum.
 nobody would know the difference!no-one's ever been impeached before.
 i couldn't live here.
 we'd have to move to boca.
hello?oh, hi evelyn.
hello, jerry.
 i just got off the phone with saul brandus.
what'd he say?he's voting to impeach.
not because he think you stole the money, but mainly because you never thanked him for giving you his aisle seat at freddy roman's show.
i did so thank him! t hear you.
ah, he's deaf anyway.
now, my sources tell me, there's three votes for impeachment, three votes against impeachment, and one undecided.
who's that?mrs choate.
who's she?oh, that one.
 she's been a member of the board longer than anybody.
 she's very tough to deal with.
maybe we should have her over for coffee, and explain our side of it?that's a good idea.
okay.
 i'll see you at the lichtenberg's, tonight.
 s?yes, they're having a party.
we weren't invited.
oh.
 probably they think you're too good for them.
 you know, because of the car.
last week, on seinfeld.
ow.
 stupid fold-out! why'd they put the bar in the middle of the bed?hello? hi jerry.
elaine? wh what's going on? ll come down there and hang out a little.
 you wanna hang out here, at phase two of the pines of mar gables?well, it's just two hours by plane gee, i dunno what to tell you.
dammit! i got another call.
 uh, hang on, don't hang up jerry.
yeah? s phone number! ll get you her number.
yeahhh.
goodbye.
 hi.
hi.
so, what d'you think?uh, i don't think so.
 oh.
i'll be back on monday.
well, if you need that ride, just uhm, gimme a call.
 heh.
 i can meet you at the gate, jer.
yeah, yeah.
 whatever.
 alright, i'll see you.
 jerry? jerry? yeah.
 bye.
bye.
hello.
hello, mister kramer? this is john hanaran, from con ed.
ohh, it's hanaran now, is it?yeah.
 we've had some reports of power surges in your building.
 it seems some jokers were up on the roof, and they must've damaged some of the wires.
oh, you don't say.
 yeah.
 either way, we need to get into your apartment and do a safety check.
 re good.
 you are really good.
 re you talking about?marisa tomei! i, just spoke to marisa tomei! t even that nervous.
you know, i can't remember the last time i called a woman without being nervous.
 i, usually, i'm pacing all over the room, i'm  t we pick up with this next week?hey, where you going?i got stuff to do.
what? you can't leave yet.
why not?we have to discuss my alibi.
alibi? what does that have to do with me?i usually spend saturday afternoons with susan.
 she's gonna want to know what i'm doing.
 i can't use jerry, he's in florida.
oh, so you wanna say you were with me?yes.
 puh.
 okay, fine.
 you were with me.
wait a second, wait.
 why are we together?what is the difference?because, if you ever see her and it comes up, we have to be in sync.
 hmm?okay.
 now, why do i have to see you?ah! because, i'm going to the dentist, and i'm afraid, and i want you to go with me.
 s no good.
 okay.
 fine.
what?i don't like the way you just rejected my suggestion.
hey, hey, let's not get so defensive here.
 this is a give and take process.
i thought that my suggestion was good.
 and, i think you could've been a little more tactful.
 s what this is all about.
 okay.
alright?okay.
okay.
fine.
good.
fine, fine, fine.
okay.
 how about this?what? you are having problems with your boyfriend and i am meeting you to discuss the situation.
i don't have a boyfriend.
 t know that.
 we say that you do.
 ech.
it's good.
 believe me.
i thought my idea was just as good.
the dentist thing? yeah, right.
 the dentist thing.
alright, the dentist thing was not good.
okay, alright.
 what's his name? who is he? art vandelay.
 art vandelay? this is my boyfriend?that's your boyfriend.
what does he do?he's an importer.
just imports? no exports? s an importer-exporter.
 okay?okay.
 so, i'm dating art vandelay.
 what is the problem we're discussing? yes.
 yes.
 yi-yi-yi.
ah! s thinking of quitting the exporting, and just focussing in on the importing.
 and this is causing a problem, because, why not do both? t like that suggestion either?it's very complicated.
 s all you, and none of my ideas are getting in.
 you know, i mean, you just know it all and i am miss stupid.
 right?what're you doing? are you making coffee?yeah.
well, maybe you better make a pot of tea, too.
morty, you're driving me crazy.
look, i don't want anything to go wrong.
 if this woman votes to impeach me, i'll be a laughing stock.
you wanna drive a cadillac? expect to pay the consequences.
there she is.
hello.
 hello, mrs choate.
oh, come in, come in.
 may i take your coat.
no, no.
 i prefer to wear it.
 nobody's taking my coat.
ah, how bout a cup of coffee or something?coffee? ach.
 i'll take hot water with lemon, if you have it.
i'll see.
 re wearing.
 where did you get it?ahh, they're a dime a dozen.
oh, hi jerry.
 mrs choate, this is my son, jerry.
gimme that rye!)stop it.
 let go.
 help! someone, help!shut up, you old bag! s got my rye!nice to meet you.
hello.
 t you?yeah.
 i was visiting my daughter, and i'll never go back.
 the crime there is just terrible.
 do you know i got mugged for a marble rye, right on the street? s terrible.
 they stole a rye? why would they steal a rye?that's what the city's turning into.
 they'll steal anything.
they're like savages.
yeah, there's some sickos out there.
 you look very familiar.
 have we ever met?you ever go to camp tiyoga?maybe you've seen him on television.
jerry's a comedian.
naw, i don't watch tv.
 well, it was nice meeting you.
jerry, don't go.
ah, i think i'll go.
so, morty, what's this all about? what d'you want?hey, where're you going?wha ? i didn't tell you? i gotta go meet elaine.
elaine? what for?i don't know.
 she she's having some problems with this guy she's seeing.
i didn't even know she was dating anyone.
yeah, yeah.
 she's seeing this guy, art vandelay.
so what does he do?he's an importer-exporter.
what kind of problems are they having? s a problem, because she thinks the exporting is as important as the importing.
are you having an affair with elaine? m going to see elaine.
 i would make up some other person to tell you i was gonna go see, and then i would go see ela elaine.
huh? t get away with this!alright, are you ready to eat? re going to dinner.
 dinner? w what time is it? s four-thirty.
 four-thirty? who eats dinner at four-thirty?by the time we sit down, it'll be quarter to five.
i don't understand why we have to eat now.
we gotta catch the early-bird.
 it's only between four-thirty and six.
yeah.
 they give you a tenderloin, a salad and a baked potato, for four-ninety-five.
 you know what that cost you after six?can't we eat at a decent hour? i'll treat, okay?you're not buying us dinner.
 ll tell you that!alright, s unheard of.
 so, anyway, if you think about it, manure is not really that bad a word.
 i mean, it's newer', which is good, and a ma in front of it, which is also good.
 ma-newer , right? .
did you just make that up?what, you think i'm doing material here? s hard to believe anyone could be so spontaneously funny.
 m a little tired.
so, tell me, how is it that a man like you, so bald, and so quirky and funny, how is it you're not taken?well, marisa.
 see, the thing is i'm sort of engaged.
what?i'm, you know, engaged.
hey look, there's a spot right in front.
was that delicious or what?where you gonna get a better meal than that?better than danny's.
danny's? mon!hello jack.
doris.
hello, hello.
jack.
hello, jerry.
hi doris.
hello morty.
 well, missed the early bird.
yeah, so? must be nice to have that kind of money.
bernie, look who's eating at six o'clock.
 ll have plenty of time to drive around in your cadillac.
they're not kicking me out.
 you don't have the votes.
that's what you think.
we'll see.
yes, we will.
awright, let's eat already.
hi, susan.
hi.
hi.
 come in, come in.
 have a seat.
 uh, elaine, i have to ask you a question.
oh, sure.
 are you having an affair with george? ha ha ha.
 ha, no.
 i mean, why would anyone wanna sleep  well, obviously you know ap ap, chu why would you think i was having an affair with george?ohh, because he said that he had to talk with you earlier about some problem that you were having.
 yeah, yeah, i did have to talk with him.
 i definitely had to talk with him.
 having a problem with my boyfriend.
art vandelay?yeah, art vandelay.
i'm sorry.
 i feel like an idiot.
 s okay.
oh, just forget that we ever talked.
 okay?it is so forgotten.
alright.
okay.
 okay, no problem.
so, was george helpful at all? s an importer-exporter.
 yeah.
 uhm, george felt that i was too adamant in my stand that art should focus on the exporting and forget about the importing.
 wait a minute.
 i thought that art wanted to give up the exporting.
what'd i say?the importing.
 i did.
 uh so, what does he uh, import? uh chips.
oh.
 what kinda chips?potato.
ah.
 some corn.
and what does he export?diapers.
 m sorry for bothering you.
oh, no, it's okay.
okay.
 mon, george, pick up.
 oh, pick up.
 oh, pick up.
hi.
hi.
 so, george, what does art vandelay import?matches? long matches.
 there she is.
 okay, if i can have your attention for a minute here.
 we're calling this emergency meeting of the board of phase two, to consider a motion of impeachment of our president, morty seinfeld.
nervous, jack?what for?because i have the votes.
nice to see you, mrs choate.
hello, morty.
building a.
 are you for, or against, the motion to impeach?what does that mean?it means, if you're for the motion, you're against morty.
so why don't you say that?hey, i'm running the meeting.
if you think so.
building a?for impeachment.
building b?against impeachment.
building c?for impeachment.
building d?against impeachment.
 t believe you got that old bag.
help! someone help!shut up, you old bag! oh, thief! thief!it's him.
 s your son.
 now i know where i saw him.
 he stole my marble rye.
my son never stole anything.
 he's a good boy.
they should lock him up.
 i change my vote.
 i vote to impeach!me too.
 i change my vote.
all those in favour, say aye.
aye.
all opposed.
the ayes have it.
 the motion passes.
morty seinfeld, you are officially dismissed as condo president.
 as vice-president, jack klompus, in accordance with the phase two constitution, is hereby installed as president.
hear, hear, jack.
 s it.
the bags are in the car, i guess we better go.
mr.
 peterman sent me over here for a physical because as you may or may not know, he and i are going on a trip to kenya.
 africa.
 my first such mission for the company.
 the massai bushmen wear these great sandals and we're gonna knock them off.
 not the massai, the sandals.
i'll need a urine sample.
right.
you know how hot it gets there? like degrees.
 your skin is gonna be simmering with boils.
oh, come on.
hey george, you coming to the tonight show on thursday?hey, yeah.
 my parents want to come too, is that ok?yeah, sure.
 my parents will be there.
the tonight show?yeah, they're in town this week, you wanna go?are you doing new material?no.
i don't think so.
hey.
 super's in my bathroom changing my shower head.
 have they changed your shower head?no, he's doing mine next.
 they're low flow you know.
low flow? well i don't like the sound of that.
so what are your parents doing here in new york?well, they were humiliated.
 i mean after the impeachment, my father left office in disgrace.
so what are their plans?well, this is the problem.
 they're moving into this new development.
 here's the pamphlet.
 del boca vista.
 but they're not quite ready to go back so they're in seclusion here for a while at uncle leo's.
you mean the three of them in that tiny apartment?no, leo's not there.
 he's got a girlfriend, lydia.
 in fact, he moved in with her.
uncle leo's having regular sex?yeah, i know.
 it devalues the whole thing.
 hello?jerry, what time do we have to be at the the tonight show on thursday.
you gotta be there at : .
but it comes on : .
yeah, well they tape it in the afternoon and then they air it at : .
how long they been doing this? years.
helen, did you know that they tape this thing in the afternoon?all right, i'll see you later.
georgie, how come your parents never moved to florida?yeah, that is odd, isn't it?yeah, it is.
i mean, they're retired.
no economic reason for them to be here.
they have no friends.
no social reason for them to be here.
you're all grown up.
yeah, they're all through ruining my life.
 what the hell are they still doing here? lemme see this pamphlet.
 hm.
 all right, so i'll, uh, get back to you.
where can i buy some ice? your father likes a lot of ice.
i don't know, maybe get an ice tray?i can do that.
you know dad just called me.
yeah, i know.
 his phlebitis is acting up.
yeah, all right, well i got some people here.
ok.
all right, bye.
 s a local call now.
ahh.
i'm used to a mile buffer zone.
 i can't handle this.
 plus i got the dinners, i got the pop ins.
 they pop in! it's brutal!they have no idea when they're going back to florida?the only way out of this is if leo breaks up with his girlfriend and has to move back into the apartment and then they would have to go back to florida.
how's that gonna happen?it's about time you called your uncle.
 we've got to do this once a week.
 s lydia?ah, she's a real tiger.
i don't know how you do it.
what?a man like you, limiting yourself to one woman, i don't know.
 but it's none of my business.
what are you talking about?well look at this, i told them medium rare, it's medium.
hey, it happens.
i bet that cook is an anti-semite.
he has no idea who you are.
they don't just overcook a hamburger, jerry.
all right.
 anyway, the point i was making before goerbbles made your hamburger is a man like you could be dating women twenty years younger.
 c'mon uncle leo, i've seen the way women look at you.
 when's the last time you looked in a mirror? you're an adonis! you've got beautiful features, lovely skin, you're in the prime of your life here, you should be swinging.
 if i were you i'd tell this lydia character, it's been real, move back into that bachelor pad and put out a sign; open for business.
believe me, i thought about it.
 but she is so perfect in every way, i can't see a flaw.
well, keep looking.
i'm afraid i have some bad news, elaine.
 it appears you will not be accompanying me to africa.
what? why not?i'm afraid it's your urine, elaine.
 you tested positive for opium.
opium?that's right, elaine.
 white lotus.
 yam-yam.
 shanghai sally.
ihat's impossible, i've never done a drug in my life.
 dr.
 strugatz must have made a mistake.
not a chance.
 i'm afraid i'll just have to find someone else to accompany me on my journey.
 the dark continent is no place for an addict, elaine.
obviously, mr.
 peterman, there's something wrong with this test.
 i don't take opium.
 let me take another one, please? i'll call the doctor right now, i'll take a pop urine test.
all right, elaine.
oh, thank you mr.
 peterman.
 ll be ready in three minutes.
whew! boy, it's cold outside, huh? oh, these new york winters, huh.
 bitter cold, bitter.
i was out for five minutes before, i couldn't feel my extremities.
what extremities?you know what the temperature in florida is today? eh? seventy-nine.
 that's almost eighty.
 yeah, i read someplace the life expectancy in florida is eighty-one and in queens, seventy-three.
so george, why are you here?what, i can't stop by and visit my parents? what's this.
that's where the seinfeld's are moving.
 they got a great deal.
 yep.
 you know what they got in florida? jai-alai! you bet on the games, you clean up.
i don't bet.
what about the dolphins? you could swim with the dolphins down there.
i don't swim.
you could pet them.
 they come right out of the water onto the sidewalks.
are you trying to get rid of us?rid? nah, c'mon, the word is care'.
 care.
 i care about your comfort, be it here in queens or twelve-hundred miles away.
no?jerry? jerry!wha, you too?yeah!these showers are horrible.
 there's no pressure, i can't get the shampoo out of my hair.
me either.
if i don't have a good shower i am not myself.
 i feel weak and ineffectual.
 i'm not kramer.
you? what about me? i got the tonight show tonight.
 i'm gonna have to shower in the dressing room.
 aw.
where are you going?i gotta find another shower.
they got you too?this stuff is awful! i'm not newman!oh, elaine.
 yeah.
kramer, you look terrible.
look, i need the keys to your apartment, i gotta take a shower.
what's wrong with your shower?there's no water pressure.
why don't you just go see jerry?jerry's got nothing.
 newman's got nothing.
 you're the only one i know who's got the good stuff, and i need it bad, baby, cause i feel like i got bugs crawling up my skin.
 now you gotta help me out.
 t have you turning my office into a den of iniquity! get your fix somewhere else!mr peterman! what are you doing?elaine, you're out of control.
 you need help.
huh?i know what you're going through.
 i too once fell under the spell of opium.
 it was .
 i was travelling the yangtzee in search of a mongolian horsehair vest.
 i had got to the market after sundown, all of the clothing traders had gone, but a different sort of trader still lurked about.
 just a taste, he said.
 that was all it took.
mr.
 peterman, i don't know what's going on here.
 i am not addicted to anything.
oh, elaine.
 the toll road of denial is a long and dangerous one.
 the price? your soul.
 oh, and by the way, you have til : to clear out your desk.
 you're fired.
all they serve is chicken?there's more food down the hall.
wrap it up, we'll take it home.
oh, hi.
hello seinfelds.
hello.
hi.
this is your dressing room? they treat you like toscanini.
oh, jerry.
 i don't know how you could do this.
 i'm so nervous for you.
actually, i'm drunk.
hey, hey, how was florida?well, we just bought a new place down there.
i know, we were looking at the brochure.
what?why, you thinking of moving?not really.
because if you are, you shouldn't.
 there's nothing available in that development.
are you telling me there's not one condo available in all of del boca vista?that's right.
 they went like hotcakes.
how'd you get yours?got lucky.
are you trying to keep us out of del boca vista?!i know this doesn't seem like work to any of you, if you could perhaps conduct your psychopath convention down the hall, i could just get a little personal space.
how could i have tested positive twice? once i could understand, that's a mistake.
 but twice?yeah, it's hard to figure.
i mean i lost my job, i can't go to africa.
 i was gonna meet the bush-men of the kalahari.
ah, the bush-men?and the bush-women.
 re eating a poppy seed muffin.
yeah, i eat these muffins all the time.
well, you know what opium is made from  poppies!welcome back.
 talking with jerry seinfeld.
 jerry, lemme ask you, i saw some people back there, they look like family? is that family?yeah, i got some family backstage.
 course my family's nuts; they're crazy.
 yep.
 my uncle leo, t get a good seat at the temple.
 rabbi? anti-semite.
hey, listen to this, uncle leo broke up with his girlfriend because of the bit i did.
 she thought it was funny, so he accused of being an anti-semite.
 they had a huge fight and now he's moving back into his apartment.
 you know what this means, my parents are gonna go back to florida what? what number is this? oh, i'm terribly sorry.
hey kramer, my parents are gonna have to move back to florida, isn't that great? m really happy for ya.
hey, you're not giving it to me, man.
 what's wrong?i just took a bath, jerry.
 a bath?no good?it's disgusting.
 i'm sitting there in a tepid pool of my own filth.
 all kinds of microscopic parasites and organisms having sex all around me.
well, you used to sit in that hot tub?jerry, that was superheated water, nothing could live in that.
 chicken?oh, yeah.
well, this you're not gonna believe.
 i found out why i was testing positive for opium.
 poppy seeds!poppy seeds!well, that makes sense.
 want some chicken?yeah.
 thanks.
 so, i'm gonna get tested again later, hopefully i'll get my job back and i will be on my way to africa.
hello newman.
hello jerry.
 well, i may have a solution to our little problem.
 elaine, would you excuse us?oh c'mon, newman.
i have a private matter to discuss with my fellow tenants.
 t mind?jerry?look, sister, go get yourself a cup of coffee, all right? beat it! re all made in the former yugoslavia, and from what i hear the serbs are fanatic about their showers.
not from the footage i've seen.
nevertheless, sometime this afternoon, behind the market diner, an unmarked van will be waiting.
 i'm expecting the call at any time.
 are you in?i'm down.
jerry?so, georgie, we have some big news for you.
big news?we're moving to florida.
 m so happy for you! oh, what do you need this cold weather for?has nothing to do with the weather, it's because of the seinfelds.
what do you mean?they don't want us there, so we're going.
 we're moving right into del boca vista!so you're moving there for spite!absolutely.
 no one tells frank costanza what to do!that's right, who the hell are they? how dare they?!so, georgie, are you gonna come to visit us?oh, every chance i get.
 ohhh.
jerry? jerry! i'm busting! i'm busting!what's going on?my parents are moving to florida!are you kidding?can you believe it? it's happening! it's finally happening! i'm free!!where are they moving to?del boca vista!del boca vista, that's where my parents are gonna live!i know!we could visit together!every five years!that's incredible!i know, i know and you know they're moving there?why?to spite your parents!to spite my parents?yeah!your parents are crazy!i know, they're out of their minds! it's fantastic!my parents are moving back too!beautiful!i'm sorry leo's moving back here.
 i'm not ready to go back to florida.
he was getting along so well with that woman, what happened?hello?this is frank costanza.
what do you want?you think you could keep us out of florida? we're moving in lock, stock and barrel.
 we're gonna be in the pool.
 we're gonna be in the clubhouse.
 we're gonna be all over that shuffleboard court! and i dare you to keep me out!i'm sorry, we can't go back to florida.
i can't believe i didn't push for this sooner.
you have no idea how your life is gonna improve as a result of this.
 food tastes better.
 the air seems fresher.
 you'll have more energy and self confidence than you ever dreamed of.
hello.
hello, jerry? it's your father.
oh, hi dad.
listen, is it all right if we move in with you for a little while? sounds of breaking glass, jerry dropped his bottle.
what was that?nothing.
 a bottle broke.
 that's all.
 what do you mean, you're gonna move in here?because the costanzas are moving into del boca vista.
but it's a big complex.
you don't understand, you gotta have a buffer zone.
all right, fine.
 come over here.
 what?they're not going back to florida.
 they're moving here.
what? why?because your parents are going down there.
 my buffer zone just went from twelve hundred miles down to two feet! you gotta do something.
hey, i'm sorry, you had your buffer zone for many years.
 it's my turn to live, baby.
you know what you're doing, don't you? you're killing independent jerry! i gotta go see my uncle leo.
 i think he may have made a big mistake.
move back with lydia?c'mon, you're lucky to have anybody.
last week you told me i was in my prime, i should be swinging.
swinging? what are you, out of your mind? look at you, you're disgusting.
 you're bald, you're paunchy, all kinds of sounds are emanating from your body twenty-four hours a day.
 if there's a woman that can take your presence for more than ten consecutive seconds, you should hang on to her like grim death.
 which is not far off, by the way.
but she's an anti-semite.
can you blame her?you don't think he minds us staying here, do you?why would he mind? we're his parents.
oh.
hi elaine.
hello.
 jerry's not here?no.
huh.
 oh my god.
what?a poppy seed! it must have been in the chicken.
 oh, i'm dead.
 i'm going to the doctor's in a half an hour.
why?it's a long story.
just a second, i have to go to the bathroom.
what are you gonna do in there?what am i gonna do in the bathroom?you gotta do me a favor.
elaine, i really--hold on a second.
 mrs.
 seinfeld, i need your sample.
you want my urine?i need a clean urine sample from a woman.
i don't know.
oh please, mrs.
 seinfeld, please?well, what am i gonna do it in?well, one of those glasses.
jerry's glasses?yeah, he won't mind.
 c'mon, you're his mom.
oh, i could uh-- should i use a coffee cup?yeah, a coffee cup's fine.
or maybe a juice glass.
yes, fine, fine, a juice glass is perfect.
this one is kind of scratched.
it doesn't matter.
howbout a milk glass.
a milk glass, a juice glass, any glass, just pick a glass.
jerry doesn't wash these very well.
mrs.
 seinfeld, pick a glass! pick a glass, mrs.
 seinfeld!all right, i got everything here.
 i got the cyclone f series, hydra jet flow, stockholm superstream, you name it.
what do you recommend?what are you looking for?power, man.
 power.
like silkwood.
that's for radiation.
that's right.
 now, what is this?that's the commando , i don't sell that one.
 what about thi-well that's what we want, the commando .
nah, believe me.
 it's only used in the circus.
 for elephants.
we'll pay anything.
 we've got the what about jerry?he couldn't handle that, he's delicate.
it's nice being back at leo's jerry's place was too small.
first leo breaks up, then he goes back.
 what the hell's going on?who is it?it's the super.
 we're installing new low-flow showerheads in all the bathrooms.
low flow? i don't like the sound of that.
so as a result of your test being free of opium, i am reinstating you.
oh! yes! what a load off.
 so when are we going to africa?i'm afraid i can't take you.
what? why not?elaine, according to your urine analysis, you're menopausal.
 you have the metabolism of a sixty-eight year old woman.
but i wanted to see the bushmen.
oh, and one more thing.
 you may have osteoporosis.
well, it's been a great visit.
jerry, i'll tell ya.
 the first thing i'm gonna do when i get back to florida is take a shower.
well, at least the costanzas changed their mind and decided not to move.
 they couldn't bear being away from george.
george must be happy about that.
you have no idea.
take my swim trunks.
 i won't need them.
what does he want with your swim trunks?why should they go to waste?!?thank you! goodnight! jerry! hey.
 hey! right oh, i'm sorry.
 uh, oh, so you saw the show?saw it? i loved it! and thank you for the free tickets.
 you are so funny.
 oh, thanks.
 re very funny.
 i believe you.
oh, anyway, let me show you memphis.
 i am taking you out to dinner.
 m going straight to the airport.
ohh that's too bad susan thought we'd really get along - i guess because we're both wacko! s a wedding present.
oh?and jerry? be careful with it, okay? be very careful.
uh-huh.
george, as you may be aware, your mother and i are not moving to del boca vista, florida.
 i am aware.
so, i was wondering, would it be okay if i turned your room into a billiard parlor?a billiard parlor?regulation table, the hi-fi, maybe even a bar give it real authenticity well, that's elaine!oh, hi, frank.
 sit down.
 join us, please.
 actually, i gotta get to the uh thing.
 s cancelled.
 sit down.
 frank, did george ever show you that photo? what photo?you know, the photo i took in tuscany of the little man in front of the sign that said costanza'? did he look like me? did you talk to him?i didn't talk to anyone - i was just walking by, and i saw the sign, and i thought george might get a kick out of it.
i gotta get that picture - it could be my cousin, carlo.
who is that? when the costanzas came here, one brother stayed behind.
i played with him every day until the age of four - and then we separated.
so, you weren't born here?no.
 that's why i can never be president it always irked me.
 that's why, even at an early age, i had no interest in politics.
 i refuse to vote.
 t want them!i don't know what you're getting all riled up about.
 there are probably a million costanzas- do you have another copy of that photo?no, i, i don't.
 but well, the maestro might.
the maestro? what maestro?he's this guy that i went to tuscany with.
 he's a great guy, but i just wouldn't feel comfortable calling him.
really? why? t called me since we got back i spilled wine on his by photo of one of his favorite italian opera stars.
who?you know the three tenors?yeah poverotti domingo and uh the other guy.
 the other guy.
 could i take that box for you?uh well, you better not.
 i'm supposed to be careful with it.
oh, then, i'll have to put your bag in the over-head.
oh, okay there we go.
ohh look at this what?i bought a bottle of bbq sauce in memphis.
 i think the stewardess broke it when she tried to jam it into the overhead compartment because of thiswell, don't press the panic button.
 i'm sure that we can still salvage some sauce i don't care about the sauce.
 it came in this funny little bottle, and there was a guy on the label that looked exactly like charles grodin.
 i see no, you don't see - because i'm going on the show this week, and this was going to be my bit on the show.
well, why don't you do your material?i'm out.
 well, you better get to work.
 thanks for the tip.
hey, buddies.
hey.
 hey, this is for you.
 s roommate, sally.
oh yeah sally called susan - said you guys really hit it off.
 what the hell are you doing?  hey, hey, hey.
 come on, come on.
 t you do a bit on styrofoam?like what?well, uh  s the punchline?it's all attitude  well, this is certainly a crappy gift a door mat? that's what she had me lug up from memphis?!pretty chintzy, huh? considering the money she makes she's a big executive for federal express.
federal express?! is she out of her mind? why didn't she just ship it?!look, it's personalized.
 no, no.
 forget it.
 i don't want it.
 let's just get rid of it.
well, maybe your father would be interested in that.
i doubt it.
 you know what he's doing now? he's putting a pool table in my old bedroom.
 ll go out there and knock a few balls around with him.
 you know, show him a thing or two so, what's your game? what do you like to play?eight ball.
no, nothing doing.
 let's, you and me, play a game of straight pool hmm?you like to gamble, cosmo?yeah, now and then - you know how it is five dollars a game, huh?i'll break.
okay.
what's all this?oh, i'm just moving in some more of my stuff.
 more stuff  oh, i put up my doll collection oh my god! what is that?! what? what is it? looks like my mother.
george, it's a doll.
i know it's a doll, but it looks like my mother! oh, get outta here what's going on in here? ve been up here three hours!we still haven't finished the first game.
the first game?! re still, uh, learning the subtleties of the table.
 he knows the maestro.
 he could have the picture oh, forget about it.
 it's not your cousin.
 re gonna go see him, huh? as soon as the game is over  oh boy.
eleven, corner pocket.
 what is this thing doing here?oh, i used to love to sleep with my dolls when i was a little girl uh, i'm sorry, i can't do this why?i feel like i'm in bed with my mother.
oh, stop it.
hey, elaine, you have got to buy this new electric toothbrush i just got - the ori-dent.
 oh yeah?oh, it's unbelievable.
 every time you use it you feel like you just came from the dentist! s dynamite.
hey, what are you doing tomorrow? you want to come see me on the charles grodin show?who else is on the show?uh one of the three tenors.
 which one?!uh it's not poverotti it's not domingo  the other guy?! yeah, the other guy.
 s going to be on the show!why?because i ruined this autographed picture of him that belonged to the maestro.
 you think i can go and get his autograph?why not? wow! the other guy!hey, you look awful.
 m on no sleep, bro.
problem in the bedroom? susan has the doll collection one of the dolls looks exactly like my mother she likes to sleep with it.
wow.
 you were in bed with your mother last night? me out man.
 and now i got to go back out there and pick up this doormat.
i thought you didn't want the doormat.
i don't.
 susan wants to have it out when sally comes tomorrow.
sally? s coming to new york?yeah, d be excited.
excited? i'm gonna kill her! she knew she was coming here and she made me carry that box?!who's sally?susan's college roommate.
it's because of her that bottle got broke that i was going to give to charles grodin on his show.
so call her up and tell her to bring you another one.
 she'll be delighted to talk to you.
 s see if she likes sitting on a plane with a big box on her lap!that's sounds pretty juvenile.
 hey! a dinosaur!his name was carlo costanza.
 we played together everyday until i was four.
 if i could just look through your photographs, maybe i could recognize him.
unfortunately those photographs are at home.
well, listen, if you bring em by, maybe we could interest you in a game of pool yeah, frank here - he's got his own billiard room.
 s uh, uh what do you call it, kramer?a billiard room.
no, not billiard not billiards it was come on, already.
 come on  what?we call it the, uh  the place to be!the place to be! yes! it's the place to be.
 if you will excuse me - i must prepare for the symphony.
oh, yeah? s trick i learned from leonard bernstein.
really?you keep a perfect crease by not sitting in them before the performance.
that's good thinking.
you see? you see?!well, it doesn't look exactly like her.
jerry, come on.
 if my mother keeps shrinking, this is exactly what she's gonna look like in ten years!why don't you just get rid of it?i tried! i almost threw it down the incinerator, but i couldn't do it.
 the guilt was too overwhelming.
 s so attached to this thing.
wait, where are you going? don't take your dolly and go home.
hi, elaine.
did you see that?!i'm just glad it's outta here.
 oh, it's a poster of the three tenors.
oh.
 yeah? s sally.
oh, did you bring the bar-b-que sauce?a whole case.
 so, did you buy that electric toothbrush i was telling you about? no.
how come? i told you - it's fantastic.
eh, i like mine.
i've had yours, i'm telling you - this one is ten times better.
 don't you believe me?i don't want it.
 s much better.
 t matter to me.
come in.
 well, here i am!oh, hi.
 elaine, this is sally.
hi.
how was your flight? pretty uncomfortable? actually, the seat next to me was empty, so, there was no problem at all.
 t the sauce that i asked for!that's right.
 it's a special gourmet sauce.
 the pride of memphis!' no, no.
 i wanted the one in the little bottle with that guy on it that looks like charles grodin!this is much better.
 and frankly, in memphis, we think that other sauce as kind of a joke.
i know it's a joke.
 it's supposed to be a joke! now i'm going on the charles grodin show with nothing.
 nothing!you could just do your material.
 t have any material! !georgie! don't eat with your hands! t even taste it! t tell me how to eat!you're wearing that shirt? you've had it for five years already! why don't you get a new shirt?!  now this is remarkable.
 i'm lounging, and yet, my pants remain perfectly creased.
it's him! s carlo costanza!come on.
 are you sure?i'd know him anywhere.
i've seen that man in tuscany.
 eccentric fellow.
 reputation of being kind of a village idiot.
i still say we're related.
 alright, come on frank.
 it's your shot.
 t make anything  t know how to follow through correctly.
follow through? what do you mean?right here, come on, i'll show you take hold of your stick alright, bring it back slowly it's a little unnatural, but i think i'm getting the hang of it.
oh, my god! that woman is such an idiot! i was gonna do this whole bit on that bottle - and now i got nothing to talk about.
well, have you ever considered writing new material?well, maybe if i didn't have so many people in my apartment all the time i'd be able to get some work done.
 me? are you talking about me? re never here.
 t it?yeah.
 really.
 hey, you know what? maybe i could talk about that on the show.
what?show the doll - show the picture of george's mother it's pretty funny.
 m gonna call them.
hello?hello, susan? it's jerry.
hi jerry, it's sally! oh.
 is george there?no, but he should be home soon.
uh, listen, this is important.
 tell him to meet me at the tv studio with a picture of his mother and that doll that looks like her.
is this for your comedy routine? yes.
 m on the case.
 yeah s going hey!is george here?not yet.
 the other guy.
it's you! it's really you! oh, i'm such a huge fan of yours.
 would you mind signing this poster for me?my pleasure.
  s playing at the queens convalescent center.
 hey, look, i got something for you.
 the ori-dent! wha-- why does a toothbrush come in such a big box?well, it's a delicate mechanism - it, you know, needs lots of packaging.
 what are you doing?well, i want to sit down.
so?it's a trick i just learned from kramer.
 it keeps a crease in the pants.
    here, take a look at this.
 yeah, what is it?it's carlo.
 i found him! ve been cooped up in this room too long.
  aw, beautiful!hey there, mr.
 hairy legs! s george?don't worry, i brought your doll tada! s the wrong doll!jerry, i saw the doll you were talking about - not funny! this doll's much funnier.
 look, it has a little bowtie, and a cute little hat i think it's a riot! this is a nightmare.
oh well, i'll be watching.
 my pants!mr.
 seinfeld, you're on.
elaine? what a surprise.
i know you're very busy, but i just wanted to come by and give you this.
ohh ve heard so much about no, no, no.
 not the toothbrush this.
ohh, what a sweet gesture.
 and autographed poster of my favorite tenor, with those two other guys.
 oh, elaine, this is magnifico!oh, well, i just felt so bad about what happened in tuscany  re on!oh, elaine wait for me after the concert? we'll celebrate.
oh, ok! i want to know why you took my doll out of the house.
i just wanted a second opinion.
 oh, stop bothering everybody with that picture.
 it's ridiculous! come here! no, mr.
 costanza! no, no! there! now what have you got to say for yourself?! i told you it looked like her  t you carlo?carlo? no.
 mi nome e giuseppe.
  s june.
 hey!it's june.
 mark's michelle is a dog.
june, june, june.
 s june, june.
it's juu-uu-une! hey hay.
 yes.
i love juu-uuu-uu-uune!june.
 juune, baby!what?the catering hall screwed up.
 the wedding is delayed until june.
 it's like a stay of execution.
dead man walking.
 ha-ha-hah.
 this is my lucky day.
well, one outta twenty thousand.
 that's not bad.
yeah.
 hey, wait a second, you know, good news for you too.
 susan's best friend, hallie? broke up with her boyfriend.
she did?yeah.
so? wheels?in motion.
 the wheels are in motion.
beautiful.
aah, hey.
 t get married.
so, set it up.
 you know what, we could have dinner at the friars club.
the friars club?yeah, i'm thinking of joining.
 pat cooper said he would put me up for membership.
hey everybody.
 listen, uh, do me a favour, will you? i got a hot date tonight with connie.
 knock on my door, wake me up in twenty minutes, alright?catnap?no, no, no, no.
 you know that? that must be some book.
yeah, well, turns out that the master slept only twenty minutes every three hours.
 now, that works out to two and a half extra days, that i'm awake per week, every week.
 which means, if i live to be eighty, i will have lived the equivalent of a hundred and five years.
just imagine how much more you'll accomplish.
oh, i got a lot of things in the hopper, buddy.
i didn't know you had a hopper.
 oh, i got a hopper.
 a big hopper.
alright, people, i'd like to begin with a hearty hail and well-met good fellow, to bob grossberg, who's joining us from business affairs.
thanks.
 hi everybody.
bob, we have a little baptism by fire for you, so to speak.
 poor bastard.
 i want you to handle all the fact-checking and the copy-editing for the new catalogue.
ah, could you repeat that? t you handle all the copy-editing? m sorry.
 what? copy-editing!eh, never mind.
 elaine, you do it.
hi, i'm jerry seinfeld.
 pat cooper made a reservation for me.
 m sorry.
 how embarrassing this must be for you.
 you just bought your own dinner.
 scuse me.
 t he funny? funny guy.
 ha ha ha.
friars.
hey, not bad.
 i kinda like this little thing here.
hup, here we go.
 here we go.
 s not that hard s really delicious.
 ve ever said.
 oh, get outta here.
 no, the stupidest thing you ever said was when you said steve kroft from sixty minutes is the same guy from .
 mmm, it is good.
 what do you think about having fish for the wedding? m telling you, look at him.
 wedding?oh, come on.
look alright.
 this is nice.
yeah, morning.
morning?yeah, what time is it? ten-thirty.
 s a nice jacket, huh? t believe this.
 i forgot to give it back.
 it belongs to the friars club.
yeah, i like that crest.
 alright, here we go.
breakfast? oh yeah.
 most important meal of the day.
so this da vinci sleep is working out? what d'you call it?p b and j's.
 what d'you think? i think you need more sleep.
 ahh.
so, how'd your date work out with the mysterious connie?i am telling you, this woman is strange.
 she never wants to leave the apartment.
 it's almost like she doesn't wanna be seen with me.
oh, now you're being ridiculous.
 he he, yeah.
 no milk?oh, i'll be back.
 jerry.
 hey jerry.
 mon buddy.
 kramer!you awake? wha ? what time is it?w it's four.
 four in the morning?!yeah.
well, what's wrong with you?i'm bored.
 i got all this free time on my hands, i dunno what to do.
 you wanna do something?no.
 would you just get out?you wanna rent a movie?no!well, what am i gonna do?ready for lunch? m stuck here, editing the stupid catalogue, because of stupid bob grossberg.
listen, there is something really suspicious about this guy.
 every time mr peterman tries to assign him any work, he says he can't hear, and it all gets dumped on me.
you think he's faking?i don't know.
 but i'd like to try that earpiece on, see if it's real.
hey elaine.
 oh, you have a friend.
 just wanted to say hi.
bob, you know what? i'm kinda swamped here.
 you think you could give me a hand with some of the catalogue? m sorry.
 what? m kind of swamped.
thank you.
 i'm having lunch with mr p.
 i better get going.
did you see that? did you see that, jerry?that was him?yes.
somehow i thought he'd be taller.
alright, listen, we'll have to do this again some other time, okay? i got a lotta work to do.
 ll see you later.
alright.
hey, bob.
bob.
hey, bobby, over here.
bob.
 oh, bob.
 bob!hi.
 elaine.
 i was just in the bathroom.
 m really busy here.
no, no, no.
 i was just in the bathroom with that bob guy.
so what?no, i kinda tried to test his hearing.
get out! what'd you do?well, i kinda snuck up behind him at the urinal and tried to see if he could hear me.
 and?well, he flinched, sort of.
what d'you mean, sort of? what'd he do?well, he kinda moved his head, you know.
 it mighta been on the zip up, i dunno.
so you don't know anything?actually, no.
 alright, good job.
right.
come in.
 last night, huh? was that something, or was that something?that was something.
ah.
 she's great, isn't she? fantastic.
 fantastic woman.
i told you.
i'm nuts about her.
you think she could be an it'? could she be an it'?she could be an it'.
 !she's got it written all over her.
she's got everything, right? s got a great sense of humour.
well, i dunno.
 i didn't really talk to her.
well, she's smart.
 you take my word for it.
whatever.
 t they always like, you know, a bunch of people around, and they were all best friends?that doesn't sound right.
no.
 so, tonight she's got tickets for that show she's been working on.
 the flying sandos brother.
flying sandos.
 beautiful.
great.
 seven-thirty, alright?walk me down to the friars.
sure.
 so, uh, jerry, there's an empty apartment in my building.
 if you and hallie want, we could try and hold it, may it's not here.
what?th the jacket, it's not here.
 it's gotta be here somewhere.
oh, boy.
 where the hell is that jacket?oh, the one with the crest.
yeah.
oh, well, that's at the cleaners.
the cleaners? how did it get there?well, i, uh, i borrowed it last night and it got a little dirty.
 great.
 somehow i dozed off and woke up in a pile of garbage.
somehow? you've had an hour and twenty minutes sleep in three days!well, so, look, the cleaner said you could pick it up tonight at six.
alright.
 i just hope i can get it to the friars club before the show.
won't be a problem  hey.
 hey!!watch out, boy.
can you give us a hand with some of these boxes, bob?bob! i want you so bad, bob.
 you turn me on  so much.
 you're so damn sexy.
 m starting to unbutton.
 anything getting through? bob?well, they perform all over.
 europe mostly.
a-ha, huh.
 tours.
yeah.
sorry, sorry i'm late.
hey!jerry.
isn't that the uh, friars club jacket?yeah, it wasn't ready on time.
 i have to return it after the show.
sure, sure, sure, sure.
 how about these seats? are these fantastic, huh? huh? i feel like lincoln.
yeah.
 well, let's hope this evening turns out a little better.
so, uhm, are you sure you don't wanna go to the movies?mmm, no, cosmo.
 i like just being here with you.
oh, it's uh, it's a bold adventure.
ooh.
 well, this is uh, risky business, huh? i'm all a-twitter.
 t think so.
my jacket?c'mon.
do it.
 come on, jerry.
give him the jacket.
 alright.
 oh cosmo.
 mm-mmm, cosmo.
 oh cosmo.
 uh, honey, can you move a little, this hurts.
 cosmo? oh my god.
 cosmo, wake up!cosmo? s dead.
 m stuck.
 you gotta help me.
this is very exciting.
 the inner sanctum.
hi.
 i i was in the audience earlier.
 you threw my jacket down.
 i just wanted to pick it up.
 i had a jacket with a crest on it.
 you came into the audience, you threw it away.
 agrabah.
well, it was either you or one of your brothers.
it doesn't even belong to me.
 it belongs to the friars club.
jerry, i'm sure it'll turn up.
 t.
don't worry.
 i'll get the jacket back.
 s go get some coffee, huh? ll go home.
aww, that's too bad.
really?yeah, we'll do it another time.
 ll go.
i, uh, oh, broke a shoelace today.
oh, i can get you shoelaces tomorrow.
okay.
so, what colour?brown.
maybe a black.
mmm.
more coffee? please.
 that nut is always up to something.
hey!! sh ! shii! mama!!aah! aagh!elaine.
 i think i've been working you a little too hard, lately.
 oh.
so, i have two tickets for you to the flying sandos brothers magic show.
 ah.
it is a real hoot.
 well, thank you mr peterman.
ah, the tickets are for tonight.
 so you and bob can knock off a little early, so you both can get ready.
mr peterman, you  s no need to deny it, elaine.
 i heard every word you said.
and i know you wouldn't be just having fun with his handicap.
 that kind of cruelty would be grounds for dismissal.
 of course, mr peterman.
 re gonna charge me eight hundred dollars for the jacket, and i gotta deal with pat cooper! wh what kinda show is that sandos brothers? they take your jacket, then they just throw it? i never heard of that!it's a little unusual.
 so, uh, susan and i were thinking, uh, dinner at our house saturday night.
 just the four of us.
 t think so.
 why not? m a little turned off.
 re you talking about?ahh, i'm, i'm kinda soured.
you're soured?yeah, i'm soured.
don't be soured.
i'm sorry.
 i'm soured.
 re you kidding me? we were all getting along so well.
 where is all this coming from?well, you know, frankly, i don't think she was too concerned about my jacket.
 s very concerned! she said she was gonna get it back.
 ll see.
 ll de-sour, right?i'll try and de-sour.
 t try and de-sour.
 you have to sweeten too! ll try and de-sour and sweeten.
i wanna get it back when we were the gatsbys.
i still don't know what that means.
 yeah, well.
god.
 oh god! what happened to you?! she tried to kill me jerry!who? connie!what'd she do?i don't know! m calling the cops.
 why would she try and kill you? t want anybody else to have me! gah!hey, there's uncle milty.
 yeah, it is.
 s david steinberg.
the comedian, or the manager?the manager.
 hey, pat.
hey, jerry.
 what the hell went wrong? what's the matter with you? are you a kleptomaniac, or what?i forgot to take it off.
 you forgot to take it off? oh, you go into a department store, you put a suit on, and you walk right out.
 what are you some sort of an idiot?i'm sorry.
where's the jacket?well, one of the gypsies took it.
 s a gypsy! s true.
 i saw it.
 excuse me, are you an entertainer? are you in showbusiness?no, i uh  jerry, bring the jacket back tomorrow.
alright.
wait a minute, wait a minute.
look at that guy.
 right there.
 isn't that the guy from the show? he's he's wearing the jacket.
god, you're right.
 mon.
well, i'm a prospective member.
but that guy has my jacket.
excuse me, the guy is wearing a jacket that my friend is come on.
if i could talk to the guy for just a sec these seats are fantastic.
 it was really nice of mr peterman to give us these tickets.
 yeah, yeah.
 was nice.
 t we? get offa me! stop it.
 stop it.
get offa me!get a hold of yourself, bob! get a hold of yourself!i dunno how that guy gave us the slip at the friars club.
i told you, he probably went out the back.
ouf.
hey.
 it's you! s my friars club jacket! s my jacket, give it back.
c'mon i need it.
 i wanna join.
 i need it to become a member.
give im the jacket already!what's he yelling about? they're stealing jackets here!can you believe it?! s got a moose on it.
moose?yeah.
 t think this is the jacket.
no, it's not.
this is the jacket.
ohh, you got the jacket back.
ohh, yeahh.
 thank you.
it got a little dirty, so they wanted to clean it before they gave it back to you.
oh.
 em.
 that is really nice.
yeah.
yeah.
yeah.
yeah.
this is nice.
yeahh.
yeah.
 ll go have coffee.
 ll see you at the wedding.
 s sour!maybe she'll sweeten.
 m bitter!here.
 ll leave it here for you! s her, officer.
 kramer! oh my god, i thought you were  what? sleeping with the fishes? i guess i woke up!you're under arrest for the attempted murder of cosmo kramer.
 t do anything.
 oh, yeah! yeah!get your coat, we gotta take you in.
can i call my lawyer?okay, go ahead.
 re arresting me for attempted murder.
attempted murder? of whom?this guy, kramer.
oh.
 cosmo kramer? s right.
 t want nothing to do with it.
i'm looking for a crested blazera crested blazer i've worn one once and i really think it did something for me.
 s hand ticking around the crest and these are the world famous corriso buttons made from the finest andulo corn.
 ll match my sneakers.
it looks fabulous on you shall i wrap it up?you know i'm not sure.
 i'll tell you what.
 i'll come back later with someone and see what they think.
 a hum!really i'll be back.
yeah!so i didn't like the crest all that much.
, but the guy spent fifteen minutes with me so to get out of the store i told i wanted to see what someone else thought .
 and then he makes a face like he doesn't believe me.
ah! so he knew that you were making it up.
!yeah he caught me so here's what i want you to do.
 come back with me to the store and we'll pretend to look at the coat.
that's ridiculous.
 why do do you want to go back there if you don't want the coat?because he thinks i was lying and i want to show him i wasn't.
but you were!!but if you go back with me , then i'm not.
 problems with the house guest?what house guest?this friend of susan's is staying with us for two weeks now am i wrong or is that excessive?well bob sacamano he stayed with me once for a year and a half.
who is he?he's a wig masterwhat is a wig master?he's with the touring company of joseph and the amazing technicolor dreamcoat.
 he's the guy in charge of the wigs.
boy imagine liking wigs to the point it becomes a career choice.
about some tickets george , you know i'd kill for a peek  yeah, sure, sure ,,, i got to drop my car off at the new lot.
euh what what lot is that?jiffy park.
 it's incredible seventy-five dollars a month.
seventy -five bucks a month!yeah and you get this really cool t-shirt when you sign on oh i'm down.
 d come back with someone and i did.
 surprised?.
no i believed you.
yeah .
 well elaine.
 oh! hello i'm craig.
 hi.
well here it is.
oh!! joseph aboud and look at this hand ticking around the crest.
you know your coats?well i'm in the biz i work for j.
 peterman.
i love j.
 peterman.
 ohhh!!.
i especially enjoy the catalogue, those fanciful narratives really take me away ohhh!! really well you know what, i write those.
no!!!yeeeahh!!! you think of the crest here.
you what??i think it's great.
 i think you should get it.
well .
 will it be check or credit card? check.
i'll need you to write down your phone number on the check for me.
 perhaps you could do the same.
 you weren't supposed to say that.
but i really did like itthat's not the point.
 you put me in a position where i had no choice.
uhn sorry!and what about that guy asking you out right in front of me?what is the big deal!! 's very emasculating, he doesn't know the nature of our relationship.
 you're there approving new clothes that's a girlfriend job! how dare he!!he dared .
 hi george how was your day?good .
good day you?i am getting so much work done see?very nice hi sweety how was your day?i already ask him that.
 he said good good day .
 m wiped out.
 i drop my car at jiffy park and i forgot to take my apartment keys off the ring.
 so you got my spare?no i gave it back to youy'did phfwelll.
 look hum can you take me over there?oh come on!!oh come on jerry, it's all the way over to twelfth avenue i'm not going to take the bus that's why i got a car!forget it.
awright i'm gonna get george to pick me up.
he wont take ya  got it, got it, hello?listen, can you take me over to the jiffy park?yeah,yeah!! i'll pick you up right now all right all right .
hey! gotta go.
so the wig master .
the wig master said you could stop by the theater tonight and he'll show you around.
would you pick a station!!!!!i like em all aw great.
 now the volume knob fell off this?gawd!!!what?that's a .
ca ca .
condom!!how do you like working there at the .
 hum andover shop? i mean it's a pretty swanky upscale clientele.
hmmmexcept for jerry! so did you see anything you'd like .
oh!!!cause i can get you a considerable discount.
really! well actually yeah i did see this 'mazing little black dress it was sleeveless .
the nicole milleryeah yeah i'll take care of it.
really .
but i barely know you.
well hum we'll just have to do something about that.
 won't we.
ah! ah!ah!hey! gregit's craigah! right nice.
 lunch with elaine?yes lovely.
you know m just curious, how did you know she wasn't my girlfriend?well i could just sense itbecause you know we used to go out.
oh ! you didoh yeah we went way out and wild.
hey jerr hi elaine.
would you like to buy a rose for your wife? how do you know she's not my wife?i want to know how did that get into my car?hey look you walk in to this city you got to expect things are gonna stick to your foot.
 you open in your car and bing!! condom.
that doesn't explain the lipstick on the dashboard?here take a few shirts .
i'm terribly sorry mr kramer but we can't get your car now, the keys seems to have been misplaced.
wait a minute i need those keys.
 i wont be able to get into my apartment.
aaye mr kramer .
you like cadillacs? yeah i like cadillacs why ? what you got on your mind?take that pink eldorado cadillac over there , it's a mary kay car .
mary kay uh?mary kay car  well listen see you later thanks for driving me by hey!! whats happening?we're gonna hang around here a little while .
something funny going on hereyou were wrong about craig .
 he's a very sweet guy.
well, what about the ponytail?what about it?all i know he's promised me a discount on that dress.
of course he did the guy's working ya.
ah! jerry i've been around long enough to know when i'm being worked.
have you slept with him yet?i just met him this morning.
it's been known to happen .
 telling you right now elaine, this guy s gonna dangle that dress in front of you like a dirt farmer dangles a carrot in front of a mule.
 ch .
ok .
 like a shrimp farmer .
okay!!!well that's the grand tour aw but i save the best for last oh yeah!!behold the technicolor dreamcoat.
oooooh pops .
 wow!! spectacular.
s'cuse me do you mind if i ask you a few questions?are you a cop??oh no nonono i'm not a cop heum i work for the yankees.
urghh they stink.
nevertheless i was wondering if you and your .
friends are doing business here at the jiffy park .
 you know hum what do you people call it? turning tricks? anyway i i .
found a condom in my car .
and i'm not saying it's yours but .
 i want to know if i should just change parking lots.
get lost mister, i'm trying to make a living here.
i'll pay you for your time .
i just i just need some information .
 how much do you want? ten .
fifteen? you have change for twenty?fifteen? george?hi honey  so you're telling me the truth?of course i'm telling the truth.
because i have to be able to trust you if i can't trust you then there's no way that this can work.
really!yeah.
well then then you really have something to think about because you know if there's any doubt in your mind .
and and,, it doesn't even have to be a big doubt, you know even a tiny doubt, a dot of a doubt and there's no doubt.
because if there's any doubt at all i i feel we should cultivate it.
cultivate it?yes, you know.
 deal with it .
we have to deal with the doubt, susan the doubt!! must be dealt with.
i have no doubt george.
 do you? nooooooooooo you know i can't wait to get that dress yeah it should arrive eminently.
arrive?yes! from milan.
but you said it was in the store!.
no no no we sold out we had to order some more.
but i thought nicole miller was made .
 eeen!!!hey craig.
elaine this is een.
hi e-aneen e-aneen he's a friend a mine from england what are doing?i'm working at the andover shop actually .
you should come by.
 i'll get you a great discount.
maybe i will.
 nice meeting you.
oh nice to meet you.
bye cheery-obye eeeen.
so you're giving him a discount too?hummm why so surprised?hem!! no reason.
you know that clothing salesman had a lot of nerve hitting on elaine right in front of me.
 he stands to make a big commission too on that jacket with the crest that nobody seems to like.
 you know what i'm gonna do.
? i'm gonna take that jacket back i'm putting this guy .
right out of commission .
heeeeeummmrph .
 i'm gonna turn inturn in?yeah,i had a tough dayit's only nine o clock.
well i don't argue with the body jerry.
 it's an argument you can't win.
i can't go to sleep at nine o clock!well you can go to your room and read.
hey look ,you know, you're the one who's locked out.
 i'm letting you stay here.
 you're wearing my bathrobe.
 you should adapt to me.
but i'm tired oh why don't you go sleep over at newman's.
aah! he's got a girl up there.
 this quilt is too thin i know i'm gonna get cold.
 i don't even fit on this couch.
 don't even know if i'm gonna sleep .
well that's all i got.
can i sleep with you?huh?well you got that big comfortable bed and that nice warm quilt.
kramer , there's no way you're sleeping with me.
why?why?yeah!do i really have to explain why?well i hi!.
hi what's that?squire's walking stick.
 i had to write about it for the catalogue.
wow.
you want it?yeaaahmm .
you can have ,i don't need it anymore.
ooh mama ok so i am positive you are wrong about craig.
yeah why?because he told a man he'd give him a discount too a man jerry.
so ,who is he?some friend of his from england.
don't you see? it's all a big scam.
you're nuts!how do you know he's not wondering the same thing about you?what d'you mean?what do i mean? well perhaps he thinks that you're working him for the discount.
 shaking that little butt of yours into big, big savings .
 and then when you get it,you know, you drop him like a hot potato.
aawwh please now see the two of you need to work on trust and then and only then will there be a free exchange of sex and discounts cornerstones of a healthy relationship .
and now if you would excuse us.
 we need to get to bed.
 s on sale.
excuse me huh i think i made a big mistake.
 i'd like my deposit back please.
whats the problemyou got hookers turning tricks in my car.
 how's that for starters.
haaan! that is all hearsay.
allright, very good i'd like my car and my deposit back pleasecan't do it'whadday'mean.
?if you read the agreement you signed the deposit is not refundable.
well does it say anywhere in the contract about my car being used as a whorehouse? cause i don't remember reading that clause either what can i tell you buddy.
 take it up with consumer affairs.
well that's going to be a problemwhy?it's all the way in the back.
 can't get it out for a couple of days.
what are you talking about i want my car!!we ask that you please bear with us.
bear with you! this is a parking lot people are supposed to be able to getideally excuse me i'd like to return this jacket.
certainly.
 may i ask why? for spite spite?that's right.
 i don't care for the salesman that sold it to me.
i don't think you can return an item for spite.
what do you mean?well if there was some problem with the garment.
 if it were unsatisfactory in some way, then we could do it for you, but i'm afraid spite doesn't fit into any of our conditions for a refundthat's ridiculous, i want to return it.
 what's the difference what the reason is.
let me speak with the manager excuse me .
bob! spite what seems to be the problem?well i want to return this jacket and she asked me why and i said for spite and now she won't take it back.
that's true.
 you can't return an item based purely on spite.
well you already said spite so but i changed my mind no you said spite too late.
it's halloween get a calendar honey! it's the 'shey! elaine oh! hey!!these are my friends jerry and elaine.
hi! how r u doing?i'm ethanyes, she's the costume designer and he's the wig master for the show.
hey you're staying with my friend george.
right george! i get the feeling he doesn't want me there.
well he doesn't even want himself there.
why don't you sit down and join us?all right.
 i can't i ve got to meet a friend.
well what are we dog meat.
 .
champagne coolies , please.
 ve got really beautiful hair.
oh thanks, thank you very much.
have you ever thought about selling it .
it would make a brilliant wig they make wigs out of human hairs? and pay plenty for them.
well you guys are gonna have fun here so bye take careyeah.
 see ou later bye, now oh! i just remembered i ve got to get the dreamcoat from the dry cleanershey! you gonna let me try the other one right?'yeah.
 but you gonna have to be really careful with it , it's my only backup.
hey! who do you think you're talking to.
ok.
 buh- bye!bye!!bye!there's your champagne coolie.
 well looks like it's just you and me cowboy!.
 guess so.
well, here we are.
i .
am beat.
  ohh! that's nice.
so.
ehmmmm.
 so, do you have any ideas when the nicole millers are coming in?oh! yeah.
 the nicole millers hemm well the funniest thing.
huh!i've learned that the new shipment's coming in by boat which does tend to take a little longer with, you know ,what with the waves and all so you'll just have to be a little bit patient .
hummm .
 so you've no idea when they'll arrive.
 t how can she go with a guy like that , he's a mess i just don't see them together at allethan?yes how you doin'?nice to see you this is jerry.
hello yeah , hummm ethan ,what brings you in to town.
i'm touring with joseph and the amazing technicolor dreamcoatyou're kidding listen maybe you and i should ehmmm get together .
 have you been on the slide at club usa it's intense.
 excuse me excuse me are you asking him out ?yeah i guess you could say that right in front of me!.
 how do you know we're not together.
 two guys, sittin laughin drinking champagne coolies.
i dunno i just didn't think you were.
well we're sitting here together.
 why wouldn't you think that.
i dont know.
 i just didn't.
well it's very emasculating hello.
uhmmm huh! is it important.
?well let me ask you something.
 ahemm do you know when the nicole millers are coming in from milan?.
nicole millers, we're not expecting any nicole millers, in fact we have too many as it is.
well do you have any in a size four.
?yes several just tell him he doesn't have to be in tomorrow before eleven.
 and pay plenty for them.
 ohhh sweet maria.
 hey! lets go.
hey what are you doing in my car? hey!hey!hey! where you going.
hey.
 you just cost me some money mr.
 cool it lady policer officer.
 freeze right there.
ok big daddy.
 take the hat off awright turn to your right i said turn pimp.
 m not a pimp.
!!!.
 that's it.
 this is it.
 i'm done.
 through.
 it's over.
 i'm gone.
 finished.
 over.
 i will never work for you again.
 look at you.
 i quit! hey.
 hey.
 boy, i have really had it with newman.
 he wakes me up again last night at three o'clock in the morning to tell me he's going up onto the roof to kill himself.
 well, what'd you say? i said jump.
 well, he's been threatening to do this for years.
 i said look, if you're gonna kill yourself do it already and stop bothering me.
 at least i'd respect the guy for accomplishing something.
 what's his problem? no job.
 no women.
 he called the right guy.
 well, what am i supposed to tell him? how much there is for him to live for? why should i lie to him? all right, i'm leaving.
 i going to the laundry.
 why don't you use the machines down in the basement? fluff and fold.
 the only way to live.
 s a delight.
 how bout if i put a few things -- wait a sec.
 i don't wanna do -- well, you're going over there.
 i don't wanna mix in everything! my guys don't know your guys.
 you can't just lock em all in the same machine together.
 they'll start a riot.
 have you ever met my guys? no.
 i can't say as i have.
 well! all right.
 put em on top.
 ah! oh, beautiful.
 this stuff on top is my friends.
 could i get it done in a separate machine? i'll have to charge you for another machine.
 whatever it costs.
 in fact, i would prefer it if the machines are not even touching each other.
 because something could, you know, jump across.
 guess what.
 how did you know i was here? kramer.
 guess what.
 i don't know.
 i quit my job.
 get outta here.
 i couldn't take it anymore.
 you can have this on monday.
 what happened? levitan? i go in to use his private bathroom, everybody uses it, and then i get a memo - a memo - telling me to use the men's room in the hall.
 well, s disgusting! you and your toilets.
 i snapped! it was the last straw.
 so, what are you gonna do now? are you gonna look for something else in real estate? nobody's hiring now.
 the market's terrible.
 so what are you gonna do? i like sports.
 i could do something in sports.
 uh-huh.
 uh-huh.
 in what capacity? you know, like the general manager of a baseball team or something.
 yeah.
 well, that - that could be tough to get.
 well, it doesn't even have to be the general manager.
 maybe i could be like, an announcer.
 like a color man.
 you know how i always make those interesting comments during the game.
 yeah.
 yeah.
 you make good comments.
 what about that? well, they tend to give those jobs to ex-ballplayers and people that are, you know, in broadcasting.
 well, that's really not fair.
 i know.
 well, okay.
 okay.
 what else do ya like? movies.
 i like to watch movies.
 yeah.
 yeah.
 do they pay people to watch movies? projectionists.
 that's true.
 but you gotta know how to work the projector.
 right.
 and it's probably a union thing.
  okay.
 sports, movies.
 what about a talk show host? talk show host.
 that's good.
 i think i'd be good at that.
 i talk to people all the time.
 someone even told me once they thought i'd be a good talk show host.
 really? yeah.
 a couple of people.
 i don't get that, though.
 where do you start? well, that's where it gets tricky.
 you can't just walk into a building and say i wanna be a talk show host.
 i wouldn't think so.
 it's all politics.
 all right.
 okay.
 sports, movies, talk show host.
 what else? this could have been a huge mistake.
 well, it doesn't sound like you completely thought this through.
  guess not.
 what should i do? maybe you can just go back.
 go back? yeah.
 pretend like it never happened.
 you mean just walk into the staff meeting on monday morning like it never happened? sure.
 you're an emotional person.
 people don't take you seriously.
 just go back.
 pretend the whole thing never happened.
 never happened.
 i was just blowin off a little steam.
 so what? so what? you're entitled.
 i'm emotional.
 that's right.
 you're emotional.
 never happened.
 never happened.
 to me the most annoying thing about the couple of times that i did work in an office.
 is that when you go in, in the morning you say hi to everyone and for some reason throughout the day you have to continue to greet these people all day every time you see them.
 i mean you walk in morning bill, morning bob, how you doing? fine ten minutes later you see him in the hall, how ya doin'? every time you pass you gotta come up with another little greeting.
 you know you start racking your brains you know you do the little eyebrow hey you start coming up with nicknames for them.
 jimbo.
'how ya doin'? what are you doing here? what? i work here.
 i thought you quit.
 what quit? who quit? bill, how was your weekend? oh, excellent weekend.
 what about your weekend? fine weekend.
 yeah.
 good weekend.
 went up to the cape.
 took the kids sailing.
 gonna be a good sailor someday.
 aw, she's gonna be a fine sailor.
 ava, what happened to you friday afternoon? oh, i got a little tied up.
 i'll bet you did.
 i wanna remind everyone that the tenth anniversary party for rick barr properties is gonna be wednesday afternoon at four o'clock in lasky's bar, on madison th.
 i want all of you to be there.
 this really means a lot to me.
 is that costanza over there? what are you doing here? what? am i crazy, or didn't you quit? when? friday.
 oh, what? what? that? are you kidding? i didn't quit.
 what? you took that seriously? you mean, laughingstock? all that stuff? come on.
 will you stop it.
 no brains? no ability? teasing.
 okay.
 i want you outta here.
 i don't know where you're getting this from.
 i .
you're serious aren't you? oh, t i joke around all the time?i wouldn't say all the time.
you can't win.
 you can't beat me.
 that's why i'm here and you're there.
 because i'm a winner.
 i'll always be a winner and you'll always be a loser.
  i'll always be a winner and you'll always be a loser.
 this is what he said to me.
 well, so that's that.
 no.
 that's not that.
 that's not that? no.
 well, if that's not that, what is that? i've got some plans.
 i got plans.
 what kind of plans? what's the difference? you don't wanna tell me? i'm gonna slip him a mickey.
 what? in his drink? are you outta your mind? what are you peter lorre? you don't understand.
 he's got this big party coming up.
 he's been looking forward to this for months.
 this is gonna destroy the whole thing.
 what if you destroy him? no.
 no.
 no.
 no.
 no.
 don't worry.
 it's perfectly safe.
 i researched it.
 he'll get a little woozy.
 he might keel over.
 well, wha - what does that do? big deal.
 this is what they would do in the movies! it's a beautiful thing! it's like a movie! i'm gonna slip him a mickey! you've really gone mental.
 nah.
 where are you gonna get this mickey? i can't believe i'm saying mickey'! i got a source.
 you got a mickey source? and elaine is gonna keep him busy.
 elaine? how did you rope her into this? i told her what a sexist he is.
 how he cheats on his wife.
 she knew that.
 but she didn't know he doesn't recycle.
 what is the point of all this? revenge.
 oh, the best revenge is living well.
 there's no chance of that.
 did you get your laundry? yeah.
 what's with you? he jumped.
 what? yeah.
 newman jumped.
 did he call you last night? oh, yeah.
 yeah.
 yeah.
 yeah.
 yeah.
 yeah.
 what did you say? i said wave to me when you pass my window.
 whew.
 did he wave? no! he jumped from the second floor.
 mr.
 papanickolous saw him from across the street.
 he's lying out there faking.
 see, he's trying to get back at me.
  oh, my god! what's the matter?  s go.
 where? where? to the laundromat.
 i never saw it.
 okay.
 come on.
 give the guy his money.
 what -- what are you doing? hey, you see that sign right there? oh, i see.
 so, you put up a sign so you can do whatever you want? you're not a part of society.
 yea that's right, cuz this place is my country and i'm the president, and that's my constitution.
 i'm not responsible.
 so, anybody leaves anything here, you can just take it? you have a license to steal? you are like the james bond of laundry? you ever hear of a bank? come on.
 let's go.
 no.
 you can't let him get away with this.
 which one is he? that's him over there.
 the one that looks like a blowfish.
 oh, yeah.
 i see him.
 yeah.
 hey, thanks for doing this.
 why pass up the opportunity to go to prison? this is by far the most exciting thing i've ever done.
 yeah.
 it is kind of cool.
 first time in my life i've ever gotten back at someone.
 i can't believe we're doing this.
 this is the kind of thing they do in the movies.
 that's exactly what i told jerry! really? yes! ve never felt so alive! maybe we should call this off.
 come on.
 what's the big deal? just gonna put a little concrete in the washing machine.
 and what's gonna happen? well, it'll gonna mix up with the water, and then by the end of the cycle it'll be a solid block! if only you could put your mind to something worthwhile.
 you're like lex luthor.
 you keep him busy.
 whoa! you go over there - yeah.
 you start flirting with him and i'll come by and, while you're keeping him busy, i'll slip it in his drink.
 wouldn't it be easier just to punch him in the mouth? come on! they're terrible.
 they got no infield.
 oops! scuse me.
 yeah.
 i'm gonna get some food.
 you want some? nah.
 hi.
 hi.
  god bless you.
 oh! thank you.
 thank you very much.
 s.
 no sir.
 no sir.
 when i thank someone i really thank them.
 so, thank yoooou!  re welcome.
 people don't say god bless you as much as they used to.
 have you noticed that? no.
  m going to a nudist colony next week.
  nudist colony? oh, yeah.
 yeah.
 i love nudist colonies.
 they help me unwind.
 aah!  d never been to a nudist colony.
 oh, really? oh, you should go.
 they're great.
 they're great.
 of course, when it's over, it's - it's hard to get used to all this clothing, you know.
 so, a lot of times, i'll just lock the door to my office and i'll just sit there naked.
 seriously? oh, yeah.
 i usually work naked a couple hours a day.
  glenda, can i ask you a favor? can i have this seat?  what do you have to sit here for? there are plenty of other seats.
  s very important that i sit here.
  what are you doing here anyway? i thought you were fired.
  okay.
 okay.
 fine.
 i cook naked, i clean .
i clean naked, i drive naked.
 naked.
 naked.
 naked.
 who are you? oh, you don't wanna know, mistah.
 i'm trouble.
 big trouble.
  what about the gentle cycle? you ever use that? do you think it's effeminate for a man to put clothes in a gentle cycle? what about fine fabrics? how do you deal with that kind of temperament? what about stone washing? you ever witness one of those? that must be something.
 what? do they just pummel the jeans with rocks? i didn't realize it was a full box.
  t give up the chair, the wig is coming off.
 i don't wear a wig.
 one no.
 no.
 no.
 no.
 no.
 i don't really have a phone.
 in fact, i - i really don't have an apartment.
 i kinda sleep around.
 i just like to have and few drinks and just let the guy do whatever he wants.
 would you close your eyes for a second? i wanna tell you a secret about my bra.
 hello, rick.
 heh heh heh hey! look who's here! that's right, ricky boy, it's me! you know something, costanza? i'm a very lucky man.
 oh! i've always been lucky.
 things just seem to fall right in my lap.
 boom! you wouldn't believe it if i told you.
 in fact, uh, i'm glad you're here.
 you know, maybe i've been a little rough on ya, huh? oh.
 why should we let petty, personal differences get in the way of business? i, uh, i want you to come back.
 you can use my bathroom anytime you want.
 you want me to come back? uh hey! how about a toast, huh? everybody, a toast! rick.
 everyone, i wanna propose a toast to ten great years at rick barr properties.
 uh, rick and all the people in this room, that made that possible rick.
 i'd also like to welcome back into the fold our our little shrimpy friend, george costanza who, although he didn't really have a very good year -- how you blew that mcconnell deal, i'll never know.
 but, hey, what the hell, huh? we've always enjoyed his antics around the office.
 heh heh.
 anything you wanna add to this? drink up.
 i like history.
 civil war.
 maybe i could be a professor, or something.
 well, to teach something you really have to know a lot about it.
 i think you need a degree.
 yeah.
 that's true.
  oh.
what? d you find it? it was in my laundry.
 in your laundry the whole time? i told you not to mix in our guys.
 what did we figure the damage on that machine would be? it was about bucks.
 kramer! oh! that's newman.
 i'm on the roof!  well, what are you waiting for? elaine, come on, take a walk with me down to the laundromat.
 i gotta pay this guy the money  i like horses.
 maybe i could be a stable boy.
 you wanna shoot some pool tonight? i can't.
 i'm goin to a movie.
  s probably a union thing.
 people like the idea of revenge.
 have you ever heard the expression the best revenge is living well i've said this, in other words it means supposedly the best way to get back at someone is just by being happy and successful in your own life.
 sounds nice, doesn't really work on that charles bronson.
 kinda level.
 you know what i mean, those movies where his whole family gets wiped out by some street scum.
 you think you could go up to him, charlie forgot about the what you need is a custom-made suit and a convertible.
 new carpeting, french doors, a divan.
 that'll show those punks.
'i believe the doors on the bathroom stalls, here at the stadium, don't offer much by way of privacy.
 but i was thinking if we extend the doors all the way to the floors all the way to the floor! what are you crazy! you'd suffocate in there.
 your lucky you have any doors at all.
 you know when i was in the army hey costanza.
 what's that your eating over there? it looks pretty tasty.
it's a calzone, sir.
a calzone huh.
 pass it down here.
 let's have a look at at it.
 i want a little taste.
 come on, come on.
 pass it down here.
 that's a good boy.
 okay.
 what's in this thing?uh.
 cheese, pepperoni, eggplant.
eggplant.
 yes.
 that's a hell of a thing.
 okay let's get back to business.
 okay here you go.
 very good, very good.
 excellent.
 excellent calzone you got there costanza.
 okay a little jealous now.
 okay lets go.
 ok last week .
 you know that eggplant was very good.
 everybody out.
 i got eggplant on my mind.
 costanza get me couple of those calzones right now.
 pronto.
 move out.
 pigstein what's an eggplant calzone.
 must have one.
 everybody out.
 out.
one of those fabric wholesalers.
 this guy todd gack.
 i won a bet from him.
what bet?he bet me dustin hoffman was in star wars.
dustin hoffman in star wars!?! short jewish guy against darth vader.
 i don't think so.
that's what i said.
so the bet was that the loser has to buy dinner?yeah.
huh.
what?no.
 nothing.
what's with you?feel this.
wow.
that's hot.
yeah.
 it's piquing hot.
 it's fresh out of the dryer.
 hey elaine you have to feel my pants.
i'll see you later.
oh.
 all right.
 you don't know what your missing.
 i'm loving this jerry.
 i am never putting on another piece of clothing unless it's straight out of the dryer.
so know every time you get dressed.
 you are going to go down to the basement and use the dryer.
oh yeah.
 it's a warm and wonderful feeling, jerry.
 so what are you doing later?i got a date with nikki.
oh yeah she's a beauty.
she's also quite bold.
oh bold and beautiful.
i am loving this calzone.
 the pita pocket prevents it from dripping.
 the pita pocket.
 s there tough luck.
 you got a drip on your mouth by the way.
you know a lost and found could be a good idea.
hold on watson.
 you like lost and found george?definitely.
all right lost and found.
 but these got to be a time limit.
 we're not running a pawn shop here.
hey, elaine.
hi jerry!this is nikki.
hi!hello.
 this is todd gack.
oh of course.
 todd gack.
 you did you bet was in star wars? sammy davis jr.
so what movie are you guys seeing?oh.
 we were going to see that but it was sold out.
 so were going to see'blame it on the rain'why don't you see what you can do?okay.
what's she going to do? there's no more tickets.
we'll see.
hey jerry.
 do you like cigars?yeah.
 why?i am going to montreal tomorrow and they sell them dirt cheap.
hey,that might be a nice idea for george's wedding.
so do you want a box?sure.
 if there cheap why not.
all right i buy a box and give to elaine.
okay two tickets'means to an end'told you.
how did you do that?i just talked to the manager.
all right.
 enjoy'blame it on the rain'there putting in a lost and found because of me.
 there's a time limit but still.
there really building a utopian society up there huh.
and you tribute all this to the calzone.
yeah.
 i am like a drug dealer.
 i got the guy hooked.
 i am having lunch at his desk everyday this week.
 he doesn't make a move without me.
 it's very exciting.
with you two guys at the helm.
 the last piece of the puzzle is in place.
so let me ask you a question about the tip jar.
 i had a little thing with the calzone guy this week.
 i go to drop a buck in the tip jar and just as i am about to drop it in he looks the other way.
 and then when i am leaving he gives me this look think thanks for nothing.
 i mean if they don't notice it what's the point.
so you don't make it a habit of giving to the blind.
not bills.
so george.
 remember when i told you nikki gets whatever she wants.
 we are at the movies last night.
 it's sold out.
 nikki goes and talks to the manager.
 right in.
beautiful women.
 you know they could get away with murder.
 you never she any of them lift anything over three pounds.
 they get whatever they want whenever they want it.
 you can't stop them.
she's like a beautiful godzilla.
without thousands of fleeing japanese.
hey buddy.
what the hell is all this?i am looking for quarters for the dryer.
why can't you do this on your table?because i don't have a table.
hey.
hey.
 so how was'blame it on the rain?'huh.
 yeah thanks for getting us tickets too.
oh!! let me ask you a question.
 was the movie part of the bet?no.
 we were both in the mood for one.
you know elaine, it is not my way to intrude on the personal lives of close fiends .
oh is that so.
absolutely.
 but i feel i must inform you that what happened last night was more than a simple bet.
what are you talking about?come on.
 dustin hoffman in star wars.
 he made a bet he knew he was going to lose just to take you to dinnerif he wanted to ask me out why didn't he just ask me.
because if he doesn't ask you out he doesn't get rejected.
 he has found a dating loop hole.
i don't buy it.
so what happened after the movie?nothing.
 he walked me home.
to the door?yeah.
that's a date.
no it's not.
but i never walk you home.
that's just because your a jackass.
ah!! i found a quarter.
 anybody want there clothes heated up?no, no.
no, no.
so how did you leave it with him?i am supposed to meet him to pick up your cigars.
that's another loop hole.
 that's two dates without asking you out.
your crazy!crazy like a man.
number .
you know my last name is costanza.
 that's italian.
 so you and i are like country men.
 pisano's!$ .
 your change.
and i always take care of my pisano's.
 so here is a little something.
 hey! you steal my money!!no no.
 that's not what i was trying to do.
i know what you try to do.
 get out.
 don't ever come back ever.
i got your calzones mr.
 steinbrenner.
beautiful.
 i am starving george.
i thought tomorrow maybe we'd try a little corn beef.
corn beef.
 i don't think so.
 it is a little fatty.
how about chinese?uhhhhh.
 no.
 too many containers.
 big mess, big mess.
 too sloppy.
i want to stick with the calzones from pisano's.
 that's the ticket.
i just thought it would be nice.
 a little variety.
no, no, no.
 george let me tell you something.
 when i find something i like i stick with it.
 from to i ate the exact same lunch everyday.
 turkey chili in a bowl made out of bread.
 bread bowl george.
 first you eat the chili then you eat the bowl.
 there's nothing more satisfying than looking down after lunch and seeing nothing but a table.
thanks for the dinner.
well i had to give these cigars and we were both hungry.
hey todd.
 let me ask you a question.
 um.
 was this whole date thing just a way of asking me out?what?i mean dustin hoffman in star wars?elaine that was a legitimate bet and i lost so i bought you dinner.
oh all right.
 okay well, goodnight.
hey, if your not doing anything saturday do you want to meet somewhere?see what is that? is that a date?why can't two people go and do something without it being a date?all right.
 i am sorry it's not a date.
no way.
 so i'll see you saturday night?all right.
pick you up at : p.
m.
do you know what the posted speed limit on this road is?i was got to be .
that's right it is.
 do you know how fast you were going?a lot faster than that!step out of the car sir.
okay dokeycan i have your license and registration please?absolutely.
 nikki!yes.
would you mind bringing the officer the registration?not at all.
i got you on the radar at miles per hour.
you must have gotten me when i slowed down to take that curve because for a while there i was doing well over .
officer.
 hi.
 do you really have to give us a ticket?all right nik.
 that's it.
hey buddy.
 i am waiting for my shirt.
you got your shirt in my oven!?!i didn't have any quarters for the dryer.
 anyway this is better.
 and it's more convenient.
for both of us.
and i have a lot more control.
 i have one shirt going for minutes at degrees.
what's wrong with your oven?i am baking a pie!yeah.
yeah.
come on up.
you got cigars, huh.
i got some cubans for george's wedding.
 they were more than i wanted to pay for but what the hell!oh yeah baby.
 spit, spit.
 what are these?'perducto de peru'jerry, if you think these are cubans you have another thing coming.
peru! i paid $ bucks for these.
 i could have bought a house in peru for $ bucks!you got ripped buddy.
i got to pay this todd gack guy $ bucks just so he has some excuse to see elaine again without asking her out.
that's a nice name.
 todd gack.
 is that dutch? hey george hey.
well this is bad.
 i am really in a bad situation now.
so what is steinbrenner going to do if he doesn't get his calzones?what's he going to do? that's exactly the point.
 nobody knows what this guy is capable of! he fires people like it is a bodily function.
why don't you get someone else from the office to go get pisano's for you?because before you know it he'll be having lunch with him.
 you know how these interoffice politics work.
no.
 i never had a job.
i decided to go with the brown one s.
 what the hell is this?kramer's cooking up some corduroy.
there has got to be some way to get back into pisano's.
pisano's.
 that's the place by the stadium right?yeah.
 you've heard of it?yeah.
 newman raves about it.
 it's on his mail route.
 he goes by there everyday.
i'll see you guys later.
what kind of pie are you cooking?huckleberry.
you certainly are in a bind.
yeah.
 and since you go buy there everyday.
 i was hoping that we could help each other out.
oh well.
 let me perfectly blunt.
 i don't care for you costanza.
 you hang out at the west side of the building with seinfeld all day and just it up wasting your lives.
are you going to help me or not?all right, all right.
 i'll help you but i will except something in return.
what?well for starters i want a calzone of my own all right.
and a slice of pepperoni pizza and a large soda and three times a week i will require a canolie.
that's a little steep don't you think?you know i hear mr.
 steinbrenner can be a bit erratic.
 i would hate to see him when he's hungry.
all right, all right.
do we have a deal?but i have to have them by one o'clock.
 he's very regiment about his meals.
i know exactly how he feels.
 pleasure doing business with you.
 do come again.
 ha, ha, ha, ha.
this is nice.
gack.
 party of four.
party of four? who are we meeting?mom! dad! this is elaine.
hello.
hellllllooooo.
nice meeting you.
bye mom.
she's wonderful.
what the hell was that?what?why did you introduce me to your parents?there nice people.
 i thought you would like them.
come on todd.
 admit it, this is a date.
why is this a date?saturday night with your parents.
 unless i'm your sister this is a date.
elaine.
 i don't understand why you can't meet someone else's parents without classifying it as a date.
well if it's not a date then what is it?it's a lovely evening together.
i don't believe this.
well i am getting a cab want to join me?no.
 i'll just walk home.
okay goodnight.
 now what was that?hello.
 what s this?well i was dropping of the calzone money for the week .
 um shouldn't you be at work by now?work? it's raining.
sooooooi called in sick.
 i don't work in the rain.
you don't work in the rain? your a mailman.
'neither rain nor sleet nor snow 'it's the first one.
i was never that big on creeds.
you were supposed to deliver my calzones.
 we had a deal!i believe the deal was that i get the calzones on my mail route.
 well today i won't be going on my mail route! will i.
 perhaps tomorrow.
but i'm paying you!yes thank you.
 newman!!peru? i thought you wanted cigars from cuba?i did.
well if these aren't what you wanted then why did you pay him?well what could i do? unless you pay him a visit.
okay.
kramer!hey you!look i need you to do me a favor.
 i need you to get me lunch at pisano's.
what happened to newman?he called in sick.
oh yeah right it's raining.
can you do it?what time do you need it at? : p.
m.
 do you need any money?no.
 i got eight tons of change.
 i'm loaded.
hey hold that bus!hey.
 it's really wet out there.
what can i get you?i here you make a pretty mean calzone.
calzone!yeah calzone.
the best!all right.
 lay them on me.
 i'll take three.
three calzones.
hey.
 that's a big oven.
 huh.
 listen.
 i was wondering if you could do me a favor.
hey todd.
hi.
 you know nikki.
yeah sure.
wait.
 elaine will settle this.
 what's the'm'stand for in richard m.
 nixon?milhouse.
i told you so.
 he said it was moe.
 you owe me a dinner.
your order is ready.
 three calzones and one shirt and jacket.
oh.
 this is all burned up.
 look at this.
what the hell do i know about cooking a shirt? what the hell is this? your paying in pennies?that's all i got.
no.
 you have to have bills.
 paper money.
 you can't pay with this.
i told you this is all i got.
then no calzones.
what happened? where have you been?the guy wouldn't give them to me because i wanted to pay in change.
what the hell happened to your shirt?he overcooked it.
 it's ruined.
your clothes smell just like pisano's.
 there's another italian place on jerome.
 maybe i can fool him.
 ll get you.
stupid cigars.
 you know if i didn't send nikki over to talk to him they wouldn't be together.
these are terrible.
it's like trying to smoke a chicken bone.
what kind of a name is todd gack anyway.
i think it's dutch.
 i got to get going.
where are you going?i uh .
promised nikki that i'd walk her dog for her.
but she broke up with you.
i know, i know.
 but some how she explained it to me and i couldn't say no.
it smells like a rubber fire.
i said rubber fire.
oh.
did you ever pay todd for these things?actually it's being taken care of right now.
you gack?yeah.
here's your money.
george.
 why do these clothes smell like pisano's?because they were heated up there.
heating up your clothes? that's not a bad idea.
and you can tell the players that i reimburse the trainer for the cigarettes and the dive checks.
sorry, the players will be reimbursed?the trainer, george.
 tell the players i'll reimburse the trainer.
 what's the matter with you? this is the third time i've had to repeat myself.
sorry, mr wilhelm.
look, sorry doesn't cut it.
 we're running a ball club here george.
 you've got to pay attention.
i know, sir.
 it won't happen again.
lemme see, i uh, i had an assignment for you uh.
lemme think here.
elaine.
hi, mr peterman.
you know what a huge fan i am of john f kennedy.
i do.
it was the peace corps that gave me my start in this business.
 clothing the naked natives of bantu besh.
the pygmy pullover.
sotheby's is having an auction of jfk's memorabilia.
 one item in particular has caught my eye.
 the presidential golf clubs.
 to me, they capture that indefinable romance that was camelot.
whatever.
but, unfortunately i will be out of town with my lady-friend and therefore unable to bid on the lot.
 i was hoping maybe you would go in my stead.
oh.
 i mean, you know, how high are you willing to go?i would see no trouble in spending up to, say, ten thousand dollars.
 have my secretary give you a signed cheque.
wow.
 when you're done george, and bring it directly to me.
 mr steinbrenner is very interested in this.
yes, sir.
 yes, george.
 i want you to make this project a top priority.
i will, sir.
 top priority.
 top priority.
top priority.
so he walks out of the stall, he's been talking the whole time.
he pulled an lbj on you.
lbj?lyndon johnson, used to do that to his staffers.
no kidding?oh yeah.
 he'd hold national security meetings in there.
 he planned the hanoi bombing after a bad thai meal.
well, i still don't know what i'm supposed to do.
 i don't even know what my assignment is.
ask him to repeat it.
 tell him there was an echo in there.
i can't.
 he's been on my case about not paying attention.
 besides, it's too late, i already told him i heard him.
you know what you do? ask him a follow-up question.
 tell him you're having trouble getting started, and you want his advice.
yeah, follow-up question, that'll work.
hey buddy.
hey.
hey.
can i have my keys  yeah.
 back, please?you shoulda come, jerry.
we made quite a haul.
where'd you go?price club.
why didn't you take your car?ah, the steering wheel fell off.
 i don't know where it is.
what're you doing.
 t throw that away.
well, i'm not paying the five cents for that stupid recycling thing.
you don't pay five cents, you get five cents back.
 here, read the label here.
 vrrup, five cents.
 refund?yes.
well, what d'you think the hoboes are doing?i don't know, they're deranged.
awright, listen, can you uh, gimme a lift back to my place?no i can't.
 i gotta pick up elaine.
 i'm taking her to this kennedy auction.
awright, i'll see you later.
 ?that's michigan.
 in michigan you get ten cents.
ten cents!?yeah.
wait a minute.
 you mean you get five cents here, and ten cents there.
 you could round up bottles here and run em out to michigan for the difference.
no, it doesn't work.
what d'you mean it doesn't work? you get enough bottles together yeah, you overload your inventory and you blow your margins on gasoline.
 trust me, it doesn't work.
 re not talking that michigan deposit bottle scam again, are you?no, no, i'm off that.
you tried it?oh yeah.
 every which way.
 couldn't crunch the numbers.
 it drove me crazy.
 you two keep an eye on each other? no problem.
 you bet.
are you sure you didn't hear my car making a funny noise? i know those two idiots did something to it.
no, i didn't hear anything.
 s here.
sue ellen mishke, the braless o henry candy bar heiress.
well.
 hello elaine.
 jerry.
hi sue ellen.
hi sue ellen.
i'm surprised to see you here.
 come to catch a glimpse of high society? m actually here to bid, sue ellen.
 i mean that is if anything is to my liking.
i'm here to catch a glimpse of high society.
well, i hope you find something that fits your budget.
 i hate that woman.
i don't understand.
 you fill an eighteen-wheeler?no, an eighteen-wheeler's no good.
 too much overhead.
 you got permits, weigh-stations, tolls look, you're way outta your league.
i wanna learn.
 i want to know why.
 oh.
 those are handsome.
 look at that set.
 yeah, think i might bid on those.
lot number seven forty-five.
 we have a full set of golf clubs, that were owned by president john f kennedy, as seen in the famous photograph of the president chipping at burning tree on the morning of the bay of pigs invasion.
 the set in perfect condition, and we will start the bidding at four thousand dollars.
 four thousand dollars? do i have four thousand dollars?i have four thousand dollars.
 do i have five? six.
 i have six thousand dollars.
 can i have sixty-five hundred?sixty-five hundred to the dark-haired person on the right.
 we are at sixty-five hundred, do i hear sixty-six hundred?the president's own golf clubs.
 leisure life at camelot.
 sixty-five hundred going once eight thousand.
eight thousand.
 we have eight thousand.
 the bid is now eight thousand dollars.
 eighty-five hundred!we have eighty-five nine thousand.
nine thousand dollars.
think she wants those clubs.
do i hear ninety-five? ninety-five hundred ninety-five hundred.
ten thousand.
ten thousand, to the shapely woman on the left.
 ten thousand going once well, that's your ceiling.
ten thousand going twice  eleven thousand!twelve thousand.
 thirteen thousand!fourteen thousand.
 fifteen thousand!!peterman is gonna kill me.
i really thought you had her there at seventeen thousand.
why didn't you stop me?do you hear this clunking? a little.
oh.
 you know what? em, okay? okay.
 see you tomorrow.
okay.
alrighty, bye.
bye.
what's going on here?oh god! oh, you idiots!so we could put the bottles in a u-haul.
 you know, go lean and mean?newman, it's a dead-end, c'mon.
 hey, there he is.
hey.
 you put your groceries under the hood of my car? s right, we forgot about those.
 s where my missing soda is.
and your crab legs, and a thing of cheese.
 the triple-a guy said i was this close to sucking a muffin down the carburetor.
 what were you thinking?we ran outta space.
now i gotta take the car down to tony and get it checked out.
ah, tony, he's good.
yeah, he's real good.
 but he's so obsessive about the car.
 he makes me feel guilty about every little thing that's wrong with it.
 i gotta get it washed before i bring it down to him, or i'm afraid he'll yell at me.
 no, thank you.
 oh, yeah.
 i remember this car.
 beautiful car.
yeah.
 so, anyway, the engine's been idling a little rough.
 i thought it might be time for a check up there's really nothing wrong on the inside.
well, the shift knob is loose.
 you know about that?no, i hadn't noticed.
 have you been picking at it?have i been picking at it? no.
 you know.
 it's just wear and tear.
 wear and tear.
 i see.
the engine is really the only thing that needs checking.
you been rotating the tires?try to.
 twenty thousand dollars!?! elaine, that's twice the amount i authorised you to spend.
i know, mr peterman, but but but but once i saw them, i just couldn't stand to let anyone else have them.
 you know, certainly not some stuck-up candy bar heiress who shamelessly flaunts herself in public without any regard well, where are they? they should be here today.
uh, mr wilhelm.
 yes george.
hi, i was just uh i just had one little question about uh, my assignment.
yes, well i trust things are moving smoothly.
 mr steinbrenner's counting on you, you know.
yes, yes.
 very smooth, super smooth.
 no, but i really wanna attack this thing, you know.
 sink my teeth into it.
 so i was just wondering what do you think would be the very best way to get started? t understand, george.
well, i was wondering you mean you haven't been to payroll?payroll? no, no, i haven't done that.
well, what's the problem? now come on george.
 i told the big man you were moving on this.
 now, don't let him down!payroll!!hello there.
 i'm george costanza.
yes?assistant to the travelling secretary.
 m uh, working on the project.
what project?payroll project.
 wilhelm? big uh, big payroll project.
you're gonna have to fill me in.
you know what, i'll just uh, i'll just look around for a little while.
 ll just browse around.
 t come back here.
look, i am under direct orders from mr wilhelm.
 so if you have a problem with that, maybe you should just take it up with him.
well, maybe i will.
 then you can tell me.
 s working on some project? s quite a project.
 alright, thank you.
 m sorry uh, that i doubted you.
 whatever you need, just uh, make yourself at home.
so he explained it all to you?yes, he explained it all very clearly.
what'd he tell you? t have to humiliate me about it, alright!damn!oh, mother's day.
 s day?! yessss!ahaha!come on kramer!wha ?it's the truck, kramer.
 the truck!look, newman, i told you to let this thing go.
no, no, no, no no.
 listen to me.
 most days, the post office sends one truckload of mail to the second domestic regional sorting facility in sagenaw, michigan.
 uh-huh.
but, on the week before holidays, we see a surge.
 on alentine's day, we send two trucks.
 on christmas, four, packed to the brim.
 and tomorrow, if history is any guide, will see some spillover into a fifth truck.
 s day.
the mother of all mail days.
 and guess who signed up for the truck.
a free truck? oh boy, that completely changes our cost structure.
 our g and a goes down fifty percent.
 we carry a coupla bags of mail, and the rest is ours!newman, you magnificent bastard, you did it! let the collecting begin!so  did you go down to payroll? yes, payroll.
 yes i did.
 very productive.
 payroll paid off.
 ll be heading downtown then, huh?oh, yeah.
 downtown.
 definitely.
well, i'm very interested to see how this thing turns out.
 uh, excuse me, mr wilhelm.
 uh, do you really think well, is this downtown trip really necessary, you know, for the project?oh no, you've got to go downtown, george.
 it's all downtown.
 just like the song says.
the song?there's your answer.
 downtown.
 downtown.
the song downtown? you mean the petula clark song?yeah.
you sure he didn't just mention it because you happened to be going downtown?i think he was trying to tell me something, like it had some sort of a meaning.
okay, so how does it go?'when you're alone, and life is making you lonely, you can always go '' downtown.
''maybe you know some little places to go, where they never close '' downtown.
'wait a second.
 little places to go, where they never close.
 what's a little place that never closes?seven-eleven?'just listen to the music of the traffic, in the city.
 linger on the sidewalk, where the neon lights are pretty.
 where the neon lights are pretty.
 the broadway area?no, that's midtown.
'the lights are much brighter there.
 you can forget all your troubles, forget all your cares, just go '' down town.
''things'll be great, when you're '' downtown.
'i got nothing, jerry.
 nothing.
well, don't hang around and let your troubles surround you.
 there are movie shows 'you think i should come clean? what d'you think, you think i should confess?how can you lose?yeah, jerry, it's tony abato at the shop.
 look, we gotta talk.
 you better come down, any time after four.
hello.
hi, it's me.
oh, hi.
listen, i need to come over and pick up the clubs for peterman.
oh, you know what? oh no.
 what?oh, no.
 it's no big deal.
 i left the clubs in the car.
you left them in the car? how could you leave them in the car?i forgot.
oh, go down and get them.
i can't.
 the car's at the mechanics.
ah, this is great.
 alright, well, where is the mechanic? i'll just go and pick em up myself.
no, no, you can't.
 he's working on the car right now.
 you can not disturb him while he's working.
 but i'm going down there in like an hour, if you wanna meet me down there.
 you know the place, it's on fifty-sixth street? ugh, okay, alright, fine.
hey, tony.
thanks for coming in, jerry.
sure.
i think i know what's goin on here, and i just wanna hear it from you.
 but i want you to be straight with me.
 don't lie to me, jerry.
 you know that motor oil you're puttin in there? t it?well, i change it so often, i mean to come all the way down here jerry, motor oil is the lifeblood of a car.
 okay, you put in a low-grade oil, you could damage vital engine parts.
 okay.
 i have no confidence in that gasket.
i really wanna here's what i wanna do.
 i wanna overhaul the entire engine.
 but it's gonna take a major commitment from you.
 you're gonna have to keep it under sixty miles an hour for a while.
 you gotta come in, and you gotta get the oil changed every thousand miles.
how much money is this gonna cost me? t know the tyre pressure.
 when was the last time you even checked the washer fluid?the washer fluid is fine.
 the washer fluid is not fine!alright, you know what, uhm i just wanna take my car, and i'm gonna bring it someplace else.
what d'you mean?just, can i have my car? i wanna pay my bill, i'm gonna be on my way.
well, the car's on a lift.
well, just get it down.
 ll bring it around.
okay.
 thank you, very much.
hey.
 where's the car?he's bringing it.
good.
last week on seinfeld.
okay, thank you.
 so? what'd they say?they're sending a detective to my apartment tomorrow.
what the hell were you thinking leaving my clubs in that car?!well, i didn't count on my mechanic pulling a mary-beth whitehead, did i?what kind of maniac is this guy?he's a very special maniac.
what am i supposed to tell mr peterman.
i don't know.
why couldn't you take better care of that car?!well, are they here?mr peterman, uh there seems to be a bit of a snag.
snag?it seems that a psychotic mechanic has absconded with my friend's car.
what does that have to do with my clubs?they happened to be in the back seat at the time.
what was the suspect wearing at the time of the incident?you know, like mechanic's pants, a shirt that said tony'.
 lemme ask you something, have you ever seen a case like this before?all the time.
 a mechanic forms an emotional attachment, thinks he'sgonna lose the car, he panics, he does something rash.
 i'm gonna ask you somepersonal questions.
 i'm sorry if i touch a nerve, but i think it'll help with the case.
 had you been taking good care of the car?had i been taking ?well, did you leave the a/c on? do you zip over speed bumps? do you ride the clutch? things like that.
w-well, what does it matter? it's my car, i can do whatever i want with it.
not that i would think of doing such things.
 ll let you know if we find anything.
 i gotta be honest with you, these cases never end up well.
well uh, whatever you can do.
 thanks.
 uh, mr wilhelm.
 uh, about the project that's what i came to talk to you about.
 great job george.
 you really nailed it.
i did?oh yes, i read through it this morning.
 i couldn't have done it better myself, and i turned it right over to mr steinbrenner.
 good work george.
i don't get it.
 he assigns it to you, you don't do it.
 somehow it gets done, and now he's telling you what a great job you did.
maybe somebody did it and didn't take credit for it.
 maybe it was already done and didn't need doing in the first place.
 i have no idea who did it, what they did, or how they did it so well.
 and you know what? jimmy crack corn and i don't care.
the gardener did a nice job planting the rose bushes, didn't he dear?you planted the rose bushes, dear.
i did?yesterday.
 you remember.
 s for dinner?we just ate.
 did you forget to take your medicine?the point is, however it got done, it's done.
 so, any luck with the car?no.
 the police have no leads t cover it.
why not?they don't consider it stolen, if you wilfully give the guy the keys.
 hey.
hey.
 hey.
 what did the detective say?they're looking.
i gotta go.
y'hello.
mr seinfeld?yeah.
it's detective mcmahon  i'm at the warehouse on pier .
 ah, i think you'd better get down here.
yeah, okay.
 they may have found the car.
 are the clubs in it? ask him.
are there golf clubs in the back?we really can't tell.
 you better bring your service records.
watch where you step.
 there's quite a bit of grease.
 detective, jerry seinfeld is here.
how d'you do.
 thanks for coming down.
 this is elaine benes.
 re just friends.
i see.
yeah.
i'm sorry to make you go through this, but we need to make sure.
well, what's going on? what is this thing?one of our patrolmen stumbled over this.
 oh my god!the block is nearly split apart.
 we found the overhead cams thirty feet away.
 we can only hope the body sold for scrap.
oh, my god.
and we know it's a saab.
 the angle on the vee- is definitely ninety-two.
 the model is hard to determine because the drive train is all burnt out.
what is that smell?look at the clutch.
uuh.
excuse me.
whoever did this didn't just dismantle it.
 i mean, they took their time, they had fun.
 they were very systematic.
 they went out of their way to gouge the sides of every piston, and the turbo was separated from the housing and shoved right up the exhaust pipe.
uhhwait a second.
 turbo? i didn't have a turbo.
your car's not a turbo?no, it's a nine-hundred s.
 s a turbo, elaine, a turbo! s a tu-hur-bo.
excuse me, did you say turbo? saab turbo nine-thousand? is it midnight blue? am.
 re pulling in five hundred dollars a man.
 nine thousand, nine hundred and ninety-eight bottle and cans in the trunk, nine thousand, nine hundred and ninety-eight bottles and cans.
 we fill up with gas, we count up our cash!! hello.
hey jerry, it's tony.
tony, where are you?aw look, i just want you to know that the car is fine.
 i got her all fixed up.
 we're in a nice area, no potholes, no traffic.
 so there's nothing to worry about.
 okay? in fact, here, somebody wants to talk to you.
tony, y-you better bring that car back! t forget that.
tony, it is my car, and i want it back!oh, your car.
 you want your car back!tony.
listen, that registration may have your name on it, jerry.
 but this engine's running on my sweat and my blood.
 where do i find these guys?how much gas we got?three quarters of a tank.
that's better than we estimated.
 that is seven dollars and twenty-two cents better.
maybe we could uh, stop for a snack.
ah, no, that's not in the budget.
yeah well, the budget changed, you know.
 i mean, it might be a good investment.
that's not a good investment, that's a loss.
hey, d'you see that car? looks like jerry's.
 i'm gonna check out that license plate.
yeah, those are new york plates.
is that jerry's number?i don't know, but that's new york and we're in ohio.
 those are pretty good odds.
what're you doing?i'm calling jerry.
on what?brought my phone.
 hello.
yeah, hey jerry, what's your licence plate number?why, what's up?yeah, well i think i spotted your car.
oh my god, you're kidding.
 s jvn .
 re driving right behind him in a truck.
oh my god.
 yeah, yeah, he said he brought it to the country.
well we're in the country and we're right on his tail.
good work kramer, this is incredible.
yeah, don't worry jerry.
 we're right on this guy like stink on a monkey! i'll check back with you.
elaine benes.
yeah, it's me.
 kramer found the car!oh my god, where is it?it's somewhere in the country, they're following em.
are the clubs there?i don't know.
 they're tailing him.
 i'm waiting for them to call me back.
alright, i'm heading over right now.
what's the status?last check-in, they were still on him.
well, have they called the police yet?no, they won't call the police.
what? why not?they're afraid they'll get in trouble for misusing a mail truck.
 kramer doesn't want a record.
kramer has a record.
not a federal record.
kramer?what's going on?yeah, nothing.
 we're still following him.
wait a second, he's getting off.
 yeah, he's gonna be going south on the one-thirty-five.
keep following him.
alright, alright, i'll follow him.
hey, we can't follow him, we're going north to michigan.
yeah, hey listen, i can't.
 it's gonna be taking us out of our way.
i need those clubs.
kramer, i want my car.
well, i don't know what to do.
hey, we got ten thousand deposit bottles here.
 i mean, this guy could be going to arkansas.
keep following him kramer.
 don't let me down.
hey, don't listen to him.
 i mean, we can't afford a detour.
 our budget won't hold it.
well, i don't know what to do man!kramer! stay left.
 left, left, left.
right.
 go right!/south!alright! alright.
 i'm getting off! i'm gonna go on the ramp.
i hope you realise what you've done.
 you've destroyed our whole venture.
this ramp is steep.
all my work, my planning, my genius.
 all for nought.
alright, look, we're pulling too much weight.
 he's getting away from us here.
 take the wheel.
what're you doing? m gonna get something.
are you crazy?keep your foot on the gas.
hey! you're not dumping those bottles back there, are you?hey kramer, those have wholesale value! we could cut our losses.
look out below!! with this magnifying glass, i feel like a scientist.
you wanted to see me, sir?ah, come in george, come in.
uh, wilhelm gave me this project you worked on.
 yes sir.
let me ask you something, george.
 you having any personal problems at home? girl trouble, love trouble of any kind? no sir.
what about drugs? you doing some of that crack cocaine? you on the pipe? no sir.
are you seeing a psychiatrist? bcause i got a flash for you young man, you're non compos mentis! you got some bats in the belfry!what're what're you talking about?george, i've read this report.
 it's very troubling, very troubling indeed.
 it's a sick mind at work here.
okay, come on boys, come on in here.
 george, this is herb and dan.
they're gonna take you away to a nice place where you can get some help.
 they're very friendly people there.
 my brother-in-law was there for a couple of weeks.
 the man was obsessed with lactating women.
 they completely cured him, although he still eats a lot of cheese.
ah, see, mister i didn't write that report.
 that, that's not mine.
of course you didn't george.
 of course you didn't write it.
i didn't do it! it it just got done.
 i don't know how it got done, but it did.
of course.
 of course it got done.
 things get done all the time, i understand.
 get better george.
 get better! re  sluggish.
i went through all those bottles and all those cans, for what? what a waste.
 and i'm really gonna catch hell for those missing mailbags.
heyy, wasn't that a pie stand back there? a pie stand? where?oh yeah.
 home-made pies, two hundred yards back.
aww, c'mon, pull over, pull over will ya.
where? i i i don't see it.
well open the door, you get a better look.
i don't see any pie  aargh!kramer!!i'm sorry newman, you were holding us back.
 kramer!! re back on track, buddy!federal employee.
 federal employee.
hello stranger.
 m a us postal worker and my mail truck was just ambushed by a band of backwoods mail-hating survivalists.
calm down, now.
 calm down.
 don't worry, we'll take care of you.
 this farm ain't much, but uh, you're welcome to what we have.
 hot bath, hearty meal, clean bed.
oh, thank you, sir.
just have one rule.
 keep your hands off my daughter.
jerry, we got im.
 i'm riding his tail.
 there's no escape.
 he's running scared, buddy.
how's the gas situation? i got enough to get to memphis.
he's reaching in back.
 he's grabbing at something.
he's pulling out a gun! he's got a gun, jerry!!duck, kramer! duck!it's a golf club! it's no gun.
 he threw a golf club at me!those are jfk's golf clubs!hey, i'm under fire here.
 jeez! that was a five-iron!stop the truck, kramer.
 pick up the clubs!no, don't stop, kramer.
 keep going, don't let him get away.
wait a minute, i think he's done.
 s taking out the woods!  ll have to do a lot better than that! s happening!this truck is dying.
 we're losing him.
i think we lost him.
 dammit! can you stop and pick up those clubs kramer? em.
enjoy that mutton? s very good.
that cider too strong for you?no, no.
 i love strong cider.
 m a big, strong, cider guy.
gonna be milking holsteins in the morning, if you'd like to lend a hand.
 t think i know much about that.
ahh, susie here'll teach you.
just gotta pull on the teat a little.
 nice having a big, strong, man around.
you know, those mail bags, they get mighty heavy.
 i uh, i nautilus, of course.
  can i have some gravy? m in the nuthouse!i'll be back same time next week, pop.
 t do the project.
george?i see you're finally getting some help.
aw, hoh, oh deena, thank god.
 t belong in here.
george, this is the best thing for you.
 yea what? no, no!deena! deena, wait a deena, help!is that little georgie c? how's the folks? you still got that nice little car? aaah!! aaah!what you doing?! kramer, help me! help me! jeez! i told you to keep away from my daughter!no daddy, you'll hurt him! i love him! goodbye norman, goodbye.
 s wonderful news.
 where are they? em for you, mr peterman.
oh, i'll be inaugrating them this weekend, with none other than ethel kennedy.
 a woman whose triumph in the face of tragedy is exceeded only by her proclivity to procreate.
the uh, the letter of, authenticity's in the side pocket there.
elaine.
 i never knew kennedy had such a temper.
 see you on monday.
have a good game.
hairdo? yeah.
you look like brenda starr.
is that good?it's better than dondi.
hey, my god, look at that.
 you know, i heard a rumor their marriage was a little rocky.
 really?mm-hmm.
you know, i have a little thing for beth lookner.
well, i have to admit, i've always thought david was kind of sponge-worthy.
 yeah i've been waitin out their marriage for three years.
yeah, me too.
 well, i've been waiting out two or three marriages, but this is the one i really had my eye on.
this car out there is taking up, like, three parking spaces.
oh, s mine.
you have a car?well, my friend, elise, lent it to me for the week.
 she's out of town.
 ve never seen you drive.
me either.
 jerry? elaine, hi! hi, david!hi, beth!oh, uh, george, this is my husband, david.
oh, hi hello.
 so, george, uh, you're the one who works for the yankees, right?yeah.
 why, what do you do?well, i sell insurance, but beth used to be don mattingly's doctor.
really?mm-hm.
yeah.
 well, i gotta tell you, beth, you coulda done a lot better than him.
hey!hey.
 hey, mickey.
 what's going on?i'm very nervous.
 i'm auditioning to be in the actor's studio tonight.
really?it's a method, jerry.
 it's intense.
 kramer's going to be my scene partner.
kramer?he doesn't have to say anything, he just has to sit there.
 i'm playing a detective.
yeah, and i'm playing a business man accused of murder.
ohh boy.
 well, i gotta meet elaine and run some errands.
 so  apart, huh? you know, when i first met you, kramer, you used to wear jeans all the time.
 yeah, well, i was a different man then.
 with a different body.
 hey, i got the body of a taught, pre-teen, swedish boy.
ehh, i dunno now, what are you thinkin'? s showing off a skeptical face.
god, it is so great to drive again.
 i miss it so much! how about a left turn signal, ya moron?! s the worst driver.
you know what? on my first road test, i hit a dog.
 hey! m gonna vomit!oh my god! jerry! my friend, kim called - david and beth got separated last night! huh?they're gettin divorced! so, now, what is our move? what do we do?i don't know, but we don't have much time.
 mm.
the city's probably teeming with people who've been waiting out that marriage.
right.
it's like when tenant dies in a rent controlled building - you gotta take immediate action.
yeeah, but david and beth are going to need their grieving time.
their grieving time is a luxury i can't afford.
 i'm calling beth tonight, and if you want a clean shot at david, i suggest you do likewise.
 yeah, yeah but we gotta make it seem like we're not calling for dates.
then why are we calling?good question.
 why are we calling?ah!  then, after a period of being there for you', we slowly remove the two words for you', and we're just .
hey.
hey, remember beth and david from yesterday? they got separated.
really? t think it had anything to do with what i said, do you?what'd you say?you know, that, that thing about her being too good for him.
 i mean, i was just bein folksy.
 they could tell i was just being folksy ?yeah, i thought you were being folksy.
totally folksy.
hey, uh d you get there?uh, yeah, i bought dungarees.
kramer, they're painted on!well, they're slim-fit.
slim-fit? re streamlined.
you're walkin like frankenstein! alright, see you later.
 well david, it happens.
sure, beth, these things happen.
 so, have you told many people yet?because it's really nobody's business.
anyway, i just called to tell you that, i'm there for you.
'there is, um anywhere you want me to be sure, dinner would be fine.
and i could just be there.
 for you.
jerry, you gotta help me!what's wrong?i can't get my pants off, and mickey's audition is in twenty minutes! you know, i'm supposed to be a business man, i gotta be in costume!alright, alright.
 uh, undo them.
 i'll help you get them off.
 s suck  you just gotta wiggle your hips a little bit.
 pull down just gimme one leg.
 wait, jerry wait a minu  squinch your hips in squinch em! i um ei  s not gonna work.
 let me just think for a second here.
 get me up, get me up, get me up.
hold it, hold it look your gonna need the jaws of life to get out of those things.
 m gonna be late.
 maybe you can soak in the tub.
you better get the door.
it was nice to get your call.
well, i just want you to know i'm there for you.
 course now i'm here for you, but when i'm not here for you, i'm there for you.
 well where ever you are i appreciate it.
so how did this all happen?well actually, it had a lot to do with george's comment.
 is that right?i thought maybe i could do better.
maybe, maybewell it wasn't just that, i realized after years of marriage that david's little quirks were getting on my nerves a little.
 well three years is a long time to be married.
like in the middle of our fight last night he did this thing that he always does where he asks questions to himself, aloud.
 and then answers them.
am i happy beth left me? of course not.
 do i hope to pick up the pieces and move on? absolutelyyou're gonna pick up the pieces.
just had our third anniversary on april th th rightright s faultwell, david the thing about george is that he's an idiot.
alright, auditioning next is mickey abbott  ohhey, sorry i'm late.
 re supposed to be a business mani know, it's a long story.
well just get up thereso, bradley.
 i guess this is the last place you expected to find yourself.
 well we're gonna be here a while so take a seat.
 are you deaf bradley?! i said sit down! m trying.
 {hard to make out} did i have a great time with david lickner last night? i sure did.
 t see why not.
i'll tell you, that there for you crap was a stroke of genius.
ooooh, please.
never mindah come onyou're a genius!aaalright!mmmnn, georgie! s going on?what's going on? you're the man of the hour, that's what's going on.
rightwhat do you mean?well thanks to you and your little comment there to david and beth.
 jerry and i are in prime pouncing position to scoop these two up before they know what hit em.
so it was my comment that broke them up?according to themyai feel terrible, i can't be responsible for breaking up a marriage.
 oh no  where are you going?well i gotta go talk to beth.
talk to beth?well i gotta undo what i did.
you're not undoing anything.
oh yes i amoh no you're not! t make me get physical here! you be careful george.
 george?!hi beth um anyway jerry told me that uh it might have been my comment in the coffee shop that broke you up.
oh, well you know it's funny george.
 sometimes you don't know how you're really feeling about something until a person like you comes along and articulates it so perfectly.
oh m completely incoherent.
 s here right now.
 d love to say hello.
 s jerry.
he he wants to talk to me?ya he says he wants to say hello.
sweet guy hellogeorge what the hell are you doing over there? i told you to mind your own business now stay out of my affairs!oh jerry, that is so sweet of you but actually i already ate.
ate? what? what the hell are you talking about? now you listen to me, you get out of that apartment this instant.
 if you screw this up for me i swear .
 chocolate chip mint? oh well, actually jerry i prefer chocolate chip.
 what is it about the chocolate and the mint that makes it go so well together?what are you talking about?oh of course you can use it, sure.
 heyhey, are you still wearing those things.
oh ya, i think they are starting to loosen up a bit.
 oh hi mrs.
 anvino.
oh kramer would you do me a favor my baby sitter hasn't show up could you come watch joey for an hour i gotta run out.
sure mrs.
 anvino, ya.
he's sleeping already, you don't have to do anything, just wait till i get back see you later buddy.
see you laterhellohi jerry it's beth.
 oh, hi bethhi, i've been doing a lot of thinking today and i don't know maybe i made a huge mistake george.
i'm feeling really confused.
um.
 i'll call you back ok?oktroublewhatgeorgeis it?yadamwhat are we gonna do?what do we do? you get your ass over to beth's, toot sweet.
 that's what you do and turn on some of that so called charm you're always telling me about.
ya i could try and do that.
 ll drive you over there.
 come on.
no you go on ahead, i'll take the bus.
what? i'm parked right outside, let's go.
 come on come on.
no, no.
 i'll take the subway.
 ll take you.
na, uh, no, uh, i'll hitch hike.
what's your problem?it's really not necessary.
 well you know, if you need some more.
 i can get them for ya.
should be a while though.
 woah, ahhh.
 hehe ha ha ha.
 that was close.
 confide in her, open up to her.
 you know women like that.
i don't feel so good.
anyway beth, you know i was thinking on my way over how when i was .
 i wanted these handball sneakers, they were all black but they came in adult sizes so you know i never got the sneakers.
 oh really?my father left us when i was so i guess that is why i have such a fear of abandonment.
wow that's so touchingyes it is.
 s georgeoh, maybe we should go some place else.
no, let's go in.
oh uh hi hi, davidhi georgeelainehilisten uh, david, i, i, i want to apologize about that comment m fine.
oh ya, this is my fiance, susan.
 this is daviddavidoh fiance.
 boy you coulda done a lot better than him.
 come on elaine lets go.
 s frankinstein! frankinstein! joey! joey!mickey you were so incredible in that scene yesterday, the rage.
right, the rage.
 tons of rage.
 t believe this hello?mickeyoh hi kramer.
 what do you want, i'm a little busy.
look, you gotta do me a favor.
what? now? i can'they, you owe me.
 i got you into actor's studio.
 they thought what we did was the scene.
oh alright, alright.
 i'll be right over.
 oh uh.
 you ready? d like to be alone for a while.
oh sure, sure.
 you wanna be alone, sure.
 i understand that, you wanna a little time to think uh thing ponder things you know ruminant i gotta go find this kid.
 so all you gotta do is lay here, pretend you're asleep in case she gets back, here keep the covers over ya.
why don't you just cut the stupid pants and get them off already/i'm breaking them in, and they're feeling better.
what am i gonna do in here?just keep the lights down and your eyes closed.
 i'll be back.
jerry! jerry! je jerry jerry .
 the most unbelievable thing has just happened, it's too unbelievable! i'm sitting in the coffee shop, i'm talking to susan, were talking about shoe laces s the matter?i'm nauseous.
is that what's hurting your appreciation for the story?a littlebecause it's really a pretty good little story.
 don't you think?it's not bad.
yeajoey, there you are.
 heyah!!joey a monsteri'm the babysittergoodnight, honey.
goodnightit's gotta have something to do with kramerelaine, here's to you being there.
and here.
excuse me.
 bethdavid s not bad.
george? ya?can i talk to you for a minute?ya, sure sure.
i've been doing a lot of thinking about the wedding and all.
 and uh ve decided to go with the chicken.
so chasing little kids huh? you're in a lot of trouble mister.
no no look, i was baby-sittingya ya right.
 sit down!what are you deaf? i said sit down! hey, for the last time, sit down.
 ya ya.
hi.
hi may i help you?yes, we'd like some wedding invitations.
ohh! well congratulations thank you.
 yeah thank you.
when s the wedding?junelate june.
oh! well, we have quite a few to pick from re arranged in order of price , the most expensive are in the front.
he hmmm.
 humm what about this one.
hmmm, to tell you the truth they haven't manufactured that one for a number of years.
 i might have couple of boxes left in our warehouse in new jersey.
 i'd have to check.
oh! no.
 george that's so ugly we don't want that.
what's the difference you just read it and mail it right back.
 these we'll do.
why don't they make'em anymore?well for one thing the glue isn't very adhesive.
 it takes a lot of moisture to make them stick.
so we pick up some  all right.
 you see what i do for you.
hey! kramer.
hey! george lily no.
 susan.
no.
 no it's lilyi think i know my own name.
it's susan well you look like a lily it's coming jerry, it's coming.
what's coming?the day ahhh the day we ordered the wedding invitations today,, nothing can stop it now.
 nothing.
 it's here! it's happening.
 can i do this? i can't do this look at me.
 look at me i can't do this, i can't do this help me jerry, help me.
why don't you just break it off with her.
 tell her it's overi can'twhy not?all right take it easy, just take it easy.
what about a letter?a letter.
i i write a letter and then i i go to china.
 i disappear in a sea of people for like six months, a year you know just while things simmer down.
 ehm ehm dear susan.
 i'm sorry.
 i made a terrible mistake.
 i'm really , really sorry.
that's it?what? too short?seems a little short, yeah you can't go to china what about your job?my job arghhhso write a letter move to another move to staten island.
, lot easier to blend in a sea of people in staten island than china believe me.
yeah! yeah! staten island .
 what about my clothes ,how do i get the rest of the clothes?aagh! you come back for your clothesi'm not going back in there.
so forget about your clothes.
well i'm not starting up a whole new wardrobe now!!!look, freedom with no clothes is a lot better than no freedom with clothes.
if she'd just take a plane somewhere.
and what, hope for a crash?it happens.
you know what the odds are on a crash it's a million to one.
it's something .
 it's hope.
hey! hey!! georgie.
 you know what i just realized; the wedding is like a month away.
ha haa euhh elaine .
what? oh! by the way.
 what am i going to be in the wedding party?what do you mean?well jerry's gonna be the best man and kramer's gonna be the usher so what am i gonna be?i don't know.
 i don't think you're anything.
wel i have to be something.
 i m a close friend .
what about being a bridesmaid.
those are susan's friends.
well then aaahh how about being an usher?well i'll ask susan about it later.
you don't ask you tell.
 what about the letter, should i think about the letter?hey elaine if a guy wanted to end a relationship with you .
 what could he do?start smoking.
smoking.
does she hate cigarettes?yes, she hates cigarettes.
but you don't smoke.
nooooooo you know, i think i'm getting a little depressed about george's wedding.
really?yeah.
 well once he gets married that's it, she'll probably get pregnant, they'll move to westchester.
 i'll never see him again.
yeah! you're probably right.
then it'll just be me, you and kramer.
no! not me pal.
 i can't keep this up much longer.
 i'm sick of being single.
 i'm getting out.
so it's just gonna be me and kramer.
yep! just you and kramer.
see you me and kramer hey!! buddy.
 i thought of a great invention for driving.
 a periscope in a car, so you can see the traffic.
 s no room for a periscope in a car.
huh! you make a higher roof.
they're not making higher roofs.
why can't you make a higher roof.
because it's a stupid idea.
 no one's gonna go for it.
 don't you understand it's stupid ,stupid  stupid , stupid.
hey! hey! look out.
 ok!, are you okay?yeah! thanks.
oh! my god you saved my life.
shouldn't there be some kind of reward for that.
oh! thank you.
you know you should be a lot more careful crossing the street like that, otherwise you could die if that bothers you.
well i you see to me this is a waste.
what?the shirt you got on under your sweather.
 it sits for three weeks in your drawer, waiting to come out.
 and when it finally does .
 it sticks up only half an inch out of your collar.
i'm jerry seinfeld.
jeannie steinman.
hey! same initials .
 how do you like that?i like it.
listen i was talking to elaine today and she said she'd would really like to be an usher at the weddingno.
 out of the question.
 i don't want any women ushers at my wedding and while we're on the subject, kramer is not an usher either.
why not?he doesn't even know my name.
that was an honest mistake.
nah! he's too weird he'd fall or something.
 he'd ruin the whole ceremony.
yeah! you're right you're probably right.
whadda doing? since when do you smoke? ve always smoked.
i've never seen you smoke.
oh yeeah well , big smoker i know i got no will power.
i don't like this one bit.
well m addicted well you are gonna have to quit.
oh my god .
menus?no.
 i know what i want.
the usual?yeah.
,and for you?i'll have a bowl of cheerios , not to much milk.
ok two bowls of cheerios.
you too.
? yeah!!!hey! did you hear the bank on the corner is offering a dollars if you go in there and they don't greet you with a hello?uh! really .
that's nice.
now what's with you?i think i'm in love.
oh.
 come on.
no it's true.
 this woman saved my life.
 i was crossing the street .
i was almost hit by a car and then we talked and .
the whole thing just seemed like a dream.
if a guy saved your life you'd be in love with him too.
no, no this woman is different , she's incredible.
 she's just like me.
 she talks like me, she acts like me.
 she even ordered cereal at a restaurant.
 we even have the same initials.
 wait a minute, i just realised what's going on.
what?now i know what i've been looking for all these years myself! ve swept myself off my feet.
you stop it man you're freaking me out!!!hey!hey!hey! wait a second.
 you didn't say hello.
yes i didno no you didn't hundred dollars i get a hundred dollars.
no, no i said hello.
no, no you said hey!well hey! is hello, same thing.
the add said that the bank's gonna pay a hundred dollars if you are not greeted with a helloyou're taking that much to literally.
 now sir , do you have any business to transact.
no, i want to speak to the manager.
well, he's not here right now.
then i'll be back.
so i'm not gonna be an usher?no so i'm nothing.
 jerry is best man , kramer is an usher and i am nothing.
well kramer's not an usher anymore.
what are you talking about?you've been demoted.
why?because you called her by the wrong name.
but she really looks like a lilyjerry t be an usher at he wedding.
yeah.
 me neither.
 hey george i think i want to bring a date to the weddingwho!!?i just met her, she's incredible.
aaawh this is great!! now i'm gonna be stuck at the singles table with all the losers.
you can go with kramerno , no no no no.
 weddings are a great place to meet chicks.
 i have to be unfettered.
do you see what this is turning in to? do i need this.
 i have to get out of this thing.
did you try the cigarettes?yeah they made me sick.
all right, all right.
 lets get down here.
 you really want to get out of this thing ?yeah all right.
 i got two words for you; pre-nup.
what does that mean?ask her to sign a pre-nup.
what does that do?because most women when they're asked to sign a pre-nup are so offended they back out of the marriage.
they are? elaine?i wouldn't sign one.
pre-nup of course kramer .
get out of here.
hi.
hi.
 hey i've been going over the list .
what about the drake? wanna invite him?yeah.
 got to invite the drake.
 listen hem there's something that's been on my mind and we haven't really talked about it i t's kind of important to me.
what is it?well i i put a lot of thought into this and i think i would like you to sign a prenuptual agreement.
a pre-nup?yeah.
 what's so funny?ha.
ha.
ha.
 ha you don't have any money.
 i make more money than you do.
 ha.
 ha.
 ha.
 yeah give me the papers i'll sign em.
 a pre-nup excuse me.
 jerry .
 hey jeannie.
hello.
remember i told you about the bank?yeah.
yeah well i went in there and they said hey!hey is the same thing as hello.
 what do you think jeannie.
yeah i think it's the same thing.
oh! big surprise delivery from melody stationaries.
oh those are the invitations.
just sign there.
yeah! thank you.
see ya later.
urgh these are so cheap.
 re not skimping.
heyhey.
jeannie left?yeah , she's coming to see my act tonight.
oh yeah! well that's nice.
 i'm sure that's right up her alley.
what's with you?nothin'something on your mind?no.
looks like there is?nocome on.
 something's on your mind.
 out with it.
i don't like her.
you don't like her?that's right i don't like , i never like her from the get-go.
what's wrong with her?everything she thinks.
 you think.
 everything you think she thinks.
 no i can't take it.
 i can't take it jerry.
 it's too much.
 it's too much.
well you can't take her maybe you can't take me either.
so that's how it's going to bethat's how it's gonna be.
oh! god help us!!!eurk awfulmay i help you?yeah.
 uh i was in here the other day and i went up to that teller and he didn't say hello.
then you are entitled to a hundred dollars.
 that's our policy.
yeah.
, but he wouldn't give me the money.
hehummm jim can i see you for a seconduh yes can you give me a minute.
yea .
hum he'll be.
 hum right over.
  is thi oak?'think it's pine.
pine is good.
yeah.
 pine's okay.
you want to see meyeah hum jim , a man here says came in the other day , you didn't say hello?no, no that's not true, i said hey! you know like a friendly greeting, hey!but that's not hello.
that's a tough one.
uhummm you know what, let me bring some other people in on this barbara, jane, mike can i see you please.
how you doin'?what's happening?what's up? can you excuse us for one minute.
 just one minute.
thanks.
 how's it going?thanks, thanks everybody.
 sir, have a seat.
well , we've discussed this, here's the feeling.
 you got a greeting starts with an h how's twenty bucks sound.
i'll take it.
awright sir will you marry me?i would like to propose a toast .
wait a second george! george costanza come in here.
georgie boy george, big news; i'm getting married!!married , what! september st, first day of autumn.
 leaves changing colours beautiful colors.
 all that crap.
you see , i kept up my end of the pact.
good for you hey look , champagne hehehe.
 .
 to our future wives .
yeah well it's been quite a night i could sure use a cup of coffee.
hey! what's the deal with decaf; how do they get the caffeine out of there and then where does it go? i dunnothat's a shame  ll just have a cup of coffee.
bowl of corn flakes.
more cereal? that's your third bowl today, you had it for breakfast and lunch.
hey! so what's the deal with brunch, i mean that if it's a combination of breakfast and lunch.
 how comes there's no lupper or no linner.
hey!! frank just called me.
 congratulations.
thanks , thankslook i'm sorry about before .
i mean i'm sure i'll learn to like her, jerryyeah , yeah .
c'mon , c'mon what's the matter?i think i may have made a big mistake.
oh! come on.
all of a sudden it hit me, i realized what the problem is; i can't be with someone like me i hate myself!! if anything i need to get the exact opposite of me .
it's too much.
 it's too much i can't take it i can't take it!!! too bad you got engaged.
yeah! too bad.
hello.
 oh! hi george .
what! really! all right i'll call elaine , we'll meet you down there.
what happened?they just took susan to the hospitalso she was just lying there.
tsss yeah i wonder what happened?i don't know .
hmmm ha! here's the doctor.
excuse me , are you the husband?well , not yet fianc&eacute;.
well , i'm sorry she's gone.
 what's that? she expired.
 are you sure?yes , of course.
so she's dead?yes huh!let me ask you ; had she been exposed to any kind of inexpensive glue? why?we found traces of a certain toxic adhesive commonly found in very low priced envelopes.
well she was sending out our wedding invitations.
that's probably what did it.
we were expecting about two hundred people well thank you , thank you.
she's ahem .
gonedead?i'm so sorry georgeyeah! me toopoor lily how did it happen?apparently the glue in the wedding invitations was a .
toxic.
aah! well that's weirdso i guess , you're not getting married? yes.
but .
yeah?well , now i'm engaged yeah? well i thought we'd both be getting married.
hey! what can i tell ya.
all right.
 well humm lets get some coffee.
we had a pact!!!yes i'd like to speak to marisa tomei, please? marisa, hi it's george costanza i'm the short, funny, quirky bald man you met a little while ago, heh! yeah i was just calling cos i wanted you to know that i'm not engaged anymore well huh, she died .
toxic glue from the wedding invitations well we were expecting about two hundred people.
 yeah anyway hum i got the funeral tomorrow but huh my weekend is pretty wide open and i was wondering hello hello well it's a magnificent stone.
they put it up this morning.
it's just a magnificent stone.
 jerry?george we'll leave you alone with her.
what?i'm sure there are things you'd like to say.
no, i-i-i-i'm good.
 really.
jerry thank you, no.
 so yeah.
boy, that was awkward!i don't mind the cemetery.
what were you saying to the rosses over there, anyway?oh, i don't know.
 i told them her death takes place in the shadow of new life.
 she's not really dead if we find a way to remember her.
what is that?star trek ii.
 wrath of khan!right.
 kramer and i saw it last night.
 spock dies, they wrap him up in a towel, and they shoot him out the bowel of the ship in that big sunglasses case.
that was a hell of a thing when spock died yeah well anyway, the, uh the stone is up, i paid my respects, guess that's it.
so it's over?i have mourned for three long months! summer months, too! anybody could grieve in january! it's time for george to start being george again.
all right, so uh, let's do something later.
 how bout a movie?yes! nothing says george like a movie!movie?yeah, you in?no, no, no, i can't.
 i got my martial arts class.
george is going to the movies!  s your karate class going? karate, jerry.
 karate.
 the lifetime pursuit of balance and harmony.
 but with punching and kicking.
jerry, karate is not here .
alright, i gotta go to the airport to pick up elaine.
what, she's been away?she's been in mexico for six weeks.
no, i really think you're wrong.
 we just went to the fireworks the other day.
that was july th!alright, i'm outta here, and when i get back, i don't want to see you here .
it was unbelievable.
 six weeks of traveling through mexico all on peterman's peso.
wow.
 so did you get any good ideas for the catalog?oh, tons!anything you couldn't have gotten tearing open a bag of doritos and watching viva zapata? t respect my work at all, do you?no, i don't.
so what's been going on around this dump? how's your fiancee?my what?jeannie your fiancee.
oh, yeah, that.
 well all right.
 spill it, jerome.
there's really not that much to tell.
 i hate you!see ya.
 no rejection, no guilt, no remorse.
you've never felt remorse.
i know, i feel bad about that i bet your parents were upset, huh?eh.
you haven't told them yet, have you?no.
'so i pressed through the rushes, there below me, the shimmering waters of lake victoria 'oh, for the love of god, man! just tell me what the product is.
no washcloths!well, mr.
 peterman, i've got a really good idea for a hat.
 it combines the spirit of old mexico with a little big city panache.
 i like to call it the urban sombrero.
 oh, my neck is one gargantuan monkey fist.
are you okay, mr.
 peterman?yes, yes.
 go on, go on, go on.
well, see, it's businessmen taking siestas.
 you know, it's the, uh, the urban sombrero.
mr.
 peterman? t felt in a long time.
pride?no.
 autonomy, complete and total autonomy.
well, you're your own boss now.
i wanna go to a tractor pull.
go ahead.
i am staying out all night!who's stopping you?i wanna bite into a big hunk of cheese, just bite into it like it's an apple.
whatever.
oh god.
what?it's dolores.
who?mulva.
jerry, hi.
hi, dolores.
 george, you remember dolores?dolores!hi.
 i heard you got engaged.
yes, dolores, i did.
 it didn't work out, though, dolores.
oh, that's too bad.
 you know we should get together sometime.
 see ya.
see ya.
bye, dolores.
i thought mulva hated you.
yeah, so did i.
 you know what? i bet it was the engagement.
 i've shown i can go all the way.
all the way?not our all the way', their all the way.
 i got the stink of responsibility on me.
yeah, and you were engaged for like a minute, i was engaged for a year.
you stink worse than i do!i'm feeling something else here, jerry!elaine, it's mr.
 peterman on the phone.
 hello, mr.
 peterman, how are you feeling?elaine, i'll be blunt.
 i'm burnt out.
 i'm fried.
 my mind is as barren as the surface of the moon.
 i can run that catalog no longer.
what? well, who's gonna do it?what about you?me? why me?why, indeed.
mr.
 peterman, you can't leave.
i've already left, elaine.
 i'm in burma.
burma?you most likely know it as myanmar, but it will always be burma to me.
 bonne chance, elaine.
 mr.
 peterman?where?burma.
isn't it myanmar now?jerry, he wants me to run the catalog! it's crazy! i can't be in charge!no, certainly not.
i mean, i can't give people orders!no one's gonna listen to you.
i am not qualified to run the catalog!you're not qualified to work at the catalog.
hey.
 s wrong?oh, peterman ran off to burma, and now he wants me to run the catalog.
where?myanmar.
the discount pharmacy?well, i'm just gonna tell him no.
 i can't run the catalog.
whoa, whoa.
 can't? when did that word enter your vocabulary? what, is the job too difficult? look, elaine, let me tell you a story.
 when i first studied karate karate?yeah, karate.
 i had no support.
 not from him, not from newman, no one.
 the first time i sparred with an opponent, i was terrified.
 my legs, they were like noodles.
 but then i looked inside, and i found my katra.
katra?yeah, your spirit, your, uh, being.
 the part of you that says, yes, i can!'sammy davis had it.
so i listened to my katra and now <vreep> i'm dominating the dojo.
 i'm class champion.
well, you know, i, i have watched peterman run the company.
sure you have.
i know how to do it.
 pair of pants, a stupid story, a huge markup.
 i can do that.
you follow your katra, and you can do anything.
 now get out of here.
 okay.
that kid is gonna be all right.
no, she's not.
come on, kramer!hey there.
come on.
 mom's down in the car.
okay, joey.
you guys both have class at the same time?no, we're in the same class.
what do you mean you're in the same class?he almost beat me.
kramer, you're fighting children?!we're all at the same skill level, jerry.
he's nine years old! you don't need karate, you can just wring his neck!i got carpool.
 thanks for the juice box, mrs.
 z.
hey, could we stop for ice cream on the way home, mom?mmm, i don't know all right.
yay! taking the job?you got that straight.
 now i want four new ideas from each of you by : .
 no, make that six ideas by : .
 all right, let's move, move, move, move, move!are you prepared for kumite?yes, sansei.
fight stance.
hydjama! begin! winner!it's open! rosses.
hello, george.
well, uh come in, come, come in.
 we, uh, tried to call, but the line was busy.
oh.
 oh.
 yeah, sure.
 here.
 uh, sit down.
 uh, uh, cheese, there? we know the last three months have been hard on you.
oh, yes, yes, yes.
 very, very hard.
and they've been hard on us, too.
 it's a terrible tragedy when parents outlive their children.
yes, i agree.
 i hope my parents go long before i do.
that's why we decided to create a foundation to preserve susan's memory.
oh, that's wonderful.
and, of course, we want you to be an integral part.
yes, inte-- h-how inte-- how integral?you'll be on the board of directors.
 s just my duties with the yankees don't worry, george.
 the foundation will revolve around your schedule.
 evenings, weekends, whenever you have free time.
i can't believe this is happening.
well, it wouldn't have without your friend jerry's inspirational words.
 he said to us, she's not really dead if her shadow is uh, w-what was it, dear?something about a way, a-and a light, uh ha.
 who the hell knows?well, what's important is that your relationship with susan doesn't have to end.
so will you be sure to thank jerry for us? the second i see him.
hey.
hey.
 how's your day, good?actually, yeah.
 i'm meeting mulva here in a few minutes.
so uh wrath of khan, huh?yeah.
 was that a beauty or what?what was that line again? something about finding your way in a shadow?no, no, no, it's she's not really dead if we find a way to remember her.
'that's it.
 that's the line that destroyed my life.
 problem?the rosses have started up a foundation, jerry, and i have to sit on the board of directors.
hey, board of directors.
 look at you!yeah! look at me! i was free and clear! i was living the dream! i was stripped to the waist, eating a block of cheese the size of a car battery!before we go any further, i'd just like to point out how disturbing it is that you equate eating a block of cheese with some sort of bachelor paradise.
don't you see? i'm back in.
all because of wrath of khan?yes!well, it was the best of those movies.
khan!george.
george.
  oh!i'm wyck thayer, chairman of the susan ross foundation.
wink.
 wyck.
wyck.
now, as you know, the rosses had considerable monies.
oh.
 i know they have some monies.
they had more than some monies.
 many, many monies.
 and they planned to give a sizable portion of their estate to you and susan after the wedding.
so, if susan and i had i mean, if the envelopes hadn't, uh then we--yes.
and now?not.
 it's all been endowed to the foundation, even this townhouse.
this townhouse?this would have been your wedding gift.
and now?not.
not.
also endowed.
 george i know how much susan meant to you.
 it can't be easy.
you know, it really can't.
so who broke it off?well, that's the thing.
 it was completely mutual.
oh, come on.
 everybody knows there's no such thing as a mutual breakup.
 tell me the truth.
i am.
 it was the world's first.
you know, when i heard you got engaged, i thought you had matured.
 but obviously there's no growth here.
 well, i can't argue with that, but the fact remains i was completely mulva! hello?please hold for elaine benes.
oh, i don't believe this.
 jerry!hey!hey.
 guess who just finished laying out her first issue of the j.
 peterman catalog.
how's it look? s a peach.
huh?i say, it's a peach.
elaine, let me ask you something.
 when i told you my breakup was mutual, did you believe me?no, no, no.
 it's weak.
 no one's gonna buy it, and you shouldn't be selling it.
i gotta do some research here.
hey, hey.
 me.
 talking.
 you know, between you and me, i always thought kramer was a bit of a doofus, but he believed in me.
 are the doofus.
oh, i'm the doofus?yeah.
 you, jerry, are the doofus.
you know, it occurs to me that kramer is at karate right now.
oh, well, maybe i'll just go down there and thank him in person.
yeah, that's what i was thinking.
kramer!oh, hey.
what are you doing?oh, well, i-i-i'm dominating.
you never said you were fighting children.
well, it's not the size of the opponent, elaine, it's, uh, the ferocity.
this is what you used to build me up? this is where you got all that stupid katra stuff?no, no.
 that's from, uh, star trek iii the search for spock.
search for spock?!yeah, i know jerry will tell you that the wrath of khan is the better picture, but for me, i always  you doofus!okay, question # .
 what if i told you my fiancee left me for another man? does that make me more likable, less likable, as likable? let's start over here this time.
same.
are we about through here?i thought you said your mom was meeting us in the alley.
she had a little change of plans.
what's going on? hey, timmy, clara.
 that was some kind of workout we had tonight, huh?now we finish it.
aah! aah! mama! t eat anything you caught in that pond out in front of the condo.
uh, look, elaine's here, i gotta get going.
 oh, by the way, uh, i'm not getting married.
 tell mom.
 bye.
 so did you stop by the dojo?yep.
how's your confidence level?shot.
self-esteem?gone.
doofus? yo.
all right, so what? you put out the catalog.
 how bad could it be?what is that?it's the urban sombrero.
 i put it on the cover.
well, nobody sees the cover.
god!what happened to you?whew! i got whooped.
 you should have seen the rage in their little eyes.
 and those tiny little fists of fury.
 oh.
 what is that?it's the new cover of the j.
 peterman catalog.
 it is elaine's choice.
 let's congratulate her.
oh i see.
 woof! you! this is all your fault! you told me i could run the company!well, then i was way off!well, i'll see ya vaya con dios.
 man, i gotta go lay down.
 you and george going out a little later?no, he's still stuck at the foundation.
you know, you oughta go down there and help him out.
 he's a widower.
widower? wait a second.
 okay, let's see.
 the beachhouse.
 acres ooh.
 southampton.
 that should fetch a fair price.
would i have had access to that?of course, it would have been yours.
and now? not.
hello?hey, georgie! i'm doing some research down at the coffee shop.
 your story's the one.
my story?yeah, your widower story's tested through the roof.
 when are you getting out of there?uh, excuse me, wyck.
 uh, are we, uh, almost done here? oh, no, not even close.
 t go.
what do you mean you can't go? there's two really girls sitting at the counter eating grilled cheese.
 cheese, george! cheese!okay, next item.
 susan's doll collection.
 estimated value: $ .
 million.
 what do you say we go through this doll by doll?you want me to find a poem about susan? may she rest in peace?!well, we think it would be a nice touch for the foundation literature.
 do you have a favorite poet, george?i like, uh pardon? well, you should choose the poem since you knew susan best at the time of her unfortunate accident.
he cleared his throat?yes!so?he did it right as he said her unfortunate accident.
'not getting it.
jerry, a throat-clear is a non-verbal implication of doubt - he thinks i killed susan!oh, help me, rhonda.
what time is it? : .
right now?i gotta go meet pam.
oh, the bookstore girl.
 how's that goin'?okay.
 i'm just not ga-ga over her.
 for once i'd like to be ga-ga.
where's elaine?she's having carol, gail and lisa over.
 you know they all have kids now?what's with all these people having babies?perpetuation of the species.
yeah! right!by the way, just for the record -no, i did not!  but because it comes out of your baby, it smells good!well, that's that's sweet.
being a mother has made me feel so beautiful.
elaine, you gotta have a baby!oh, hey, you know i had a piece of whitefish over at barney greengrass the other day elaine.
 move to long island and have a baby already.
i really like the city.
the city's a toilet.
 when's the last time you saw my little adam?uh, it was in the hamptons.
oh! i have pictures!no, no, that's okay, it's uh look at him! just look at him!so, elaine was telling me about this piece of whitefish she had the other day do you really think i'm wrong about this wyck guy?you know, if you really want to test him out, why don't you try the old jerry lewis trick?jerry lewis?i heard that when jerry lewis left a meeting, he'd purposefully leave a briefcase with a tape recorder in it.
 then after five minutes, he'd come back for it and listen to what everyone said about him.
that's pretty paranoid.
yes, it is.
i like it!i thought you might.
oh, hi! i'm pam.
 you must be kramer.
 s my day off.
 i work in a bookstore.
books.
 oh, careful! hi, sorry i'm late.
that's okay.
 kramer let me in.
you know, if we rush, we can still make the movie.
okay.
 it was really nice meeting you.
i'm in trouble, buddy.
 i just met a woman.
go on.
well, she's jerry's girlfriend.
ah, yes.
 forbidden love.
she works in a book shop.
 her name is pam.
'pam.
 i don't know the woman, but she sounds quite fetching.
i can't even speak in front of her.
 jerry! what could she possibly see in jerry? she has delicate beauty.
jerry wouldn't know delicate beauty if it bludgeoned him over the head.
and yet, he's my friend.
and therein lies the tragedy.
 for i believe, sadly for you, that there is but one woman meant for each of us.
 one perfect angel for whom we are put on this earth.
aw, that's beautiful, newman.
one winsome tulip we ceaselessly yearn for throughout our dreary, workaday lives! and you, my friend, have found your angel.
 i can tell.
 for my heart has also been captured by a breathless beauty - whom i fear i will never possess.
i thought we were talking about me.
right.
 kramer, you have to confront jerry.
confront jerry? i can't.
you must!i won't!you will!'elaine, ya gotta have a baby.
 ugh.
where are all the poetry magazines?the new yorker has poetry.
yes.
 the new yorker.
why do you invite these women over if they annoy you so much?they're my friends, but they act as if having a baby takes some kind of talent.
c'mon, you want to have a baby.
why? because i can?it's the life force.
 i saw a show on the mollusk last night.
 elaine, the mollusk travels from alaska to chile just for a shot at another mollusk.
 you think you're any better?yes! i think i am better than the mollusk!i couldn't help overhearing what you were saying.
oh, i'm sorry.
no, no, i think i agree with you.
 i mean, all this talk about having babies.
yeah, like you must procreate.
besides, anyone can do it.
oh, it's been done to death.
 i, uh, should have a poem very soon now.
are you okay, george?no, no, not really.
 ever since susan passed on, i have good days and bad.
  and the stock options for this year look quite, uh briefcase.
 so, kevin.
 if i don't want children, does that make me a bad humanitarian?not at all.
'cause, i mean, when you get to know me, you'll see that i'm a pretty good humanitarian.
 oh, you got a little, uh oh, i just had two double-fudge sundaes.
oh.
 are you alright?yeah, i'll be okay.
you know, jerry has one of those every time he bombs on stage.
well, i'm sure he'll be sharing his next one with pam.
oh, no that won't last.
what do you mean?he's not ga-ga.
lemme tell you something, that jerry lewis? you wonder how some of these people get to the top? it's ideas like this! brilliant! hah-hah! look at this - what the hell happened? the whole side is damaged here and the lock is broken.
how long did you leave it up there?five minutes.
 what the hell happened here?play the tape, maybe we'll get a clue.
i have to rewind it first.
 alright, alright.
is that it?stopped dead.
what do you make of it?i don't know.
 jerry.
 uh, can we talk?kinda busy here.
i'd like to talk to jerry in private.
why can't i stay?because it doesn't concern you.
well, if it doesn't concern me, then i can stay.
 so, what's on your mind?it's pam.
pam? what about pam?i love her, jerry!you what?i love her!is that right?oh, she's uh she's real.
 she can bring home the bacon and fry it in the pan.
what does that mean?oh, and that voice!what about her name?pam? oh, it's a beautiful name.
 pam.
 pam.
 pam!she's got really nice hair.
oh, it's incredible.
 although, i might replace her tortoise clip with one of those velvet scrunchies.
 i love those.
you've got really specific tastes.
oh, i know what i want, jerry.
she's got nice calves.
oh, she's a dreamboat.
 but, you don't like her, so maybe i could, you're making some pretty good points.
no you can't, jerry.
but i might.
oh, no you don't.
why not? the voice? the calves? the bacon?what ?i think i can! i even like the name! pam!huh?pam!huh?pam!huh-yah! so now he wants her more than ever!blast!what am i gonna do, huh?don't despair, my friend.
 t allow your love to go unrequited.
 not like mine.
what, again with you?sorry.
 but love is spice with many tastes.
 a dizzying array of textures and moments.
if only i could say things like that around her.
yes well, i hear three distinct sounds.
 a low rumple followed by a metallic squink' yes! yes, i heard the squink'! followed by a mysterious 'glonk.
'it's baffling, isn't it?well, one question does come to mind.
 have you considered just asking them what happened to the briefcase?they would never tell me, elaine.
 first of all, they probably think that i killed susan.
 besides, i don't even think they like me.
 that pam! i am ga-ga over her!ga-ga? when did that happen?yesterday.
 six-ish.
well, maybe we should double.
 i'm pretty ga-ga myself.
you just met the guy yesterday.
yeah, but we have a common goal.
a barren, sterile existence that ends when you die?yeah.
and you really believe this guy doesn't want to have kids.
yeah, of course.
elaine, a guy'll say anything to get a woman.
oh, please.
 he wouldn't say that.
elaine, i once told a woman that i coined the phrase, pardon my french.
'i once told a woman that i don't eat cake cause it goes right to my thighs.
i once told a woman that i really enjoy spending time with my family.
with your looks and my words, we'll have built the perfect beast.
 oh, hi! kramer.
hi.
 how are you?hi.
 how are you?i'm great.
i too am well.
i too am well.
do i smell pantene?do i smell?pantene!uh, pantene.
oh, my shampoo.
 yeah, it is pantene, i got a free sample in with my junk mail.
well, there really is no junk-mail well, everybody wants to get a check or a birthday card, but  it takes just as much man-power to deliver it as their precious little greeting cards newman! what?uh, human.
 it's human to be moved by a fragrance.
that's so true.
her bouquet cleaved his hardened shell.
 shell.
 and fondled his muscled heart.
 he embibed her glistening spell just before the other shoe fell.
kramer, that is so lovely.
it's by an unknown th-century poet.
oh, what's his name?newman.
 elaine, you've changed my life.
oh, kevin you can go on and on about how you don't want kids and it sounds, it sounds really nice, but the truth is, i don't know if you mean it or not.
i got a vasectomy this morning.
although, i have a hunch you mean it.
i just came by to tell you - i'm really, really happy about this relationship.
 really happy.
oh.
 well, that's um kramer!hello, newman.
hello, jerry.
 how's pam?pam? what do you care? well, ta-ta! wait a minute! alright, newman! this is it! easy, jerry.
 steady.
 you wouldn't want to lose your cool at a time like this.
why not?because right now, i'm the only chance you've got.
 c'mon.
 i can't believe i'm losing pam!i know how you feel.
 for i, too, have a woman for whom i pine.
i thought we were talking about me.
right.
anyway, i don't need your help.
 oh, don't you? joke boy? you really think you can manipulate that beautiful young woman like the half-soused nightclub rabble that lap up your inane observations'?alright, newman.
 what do i have to do to get you to stop pulling the strings for kramer?well, there is a little something you can do for me c'mon, out with it.
it's about elaine.
elaine? what does she have to - oh no you dated her.
 give me some inside information.
 anything i can use!well, i know she doesn't want to have kids.
 i thought you'd be a little more enthusiastic about it.
i know, i don't want kids.
what was that?well, kevin, maybe i have a little doubt.
 i mean, nothing is a hundred percent.
this is! oh boy, i always do this.
what?oh, i get all jazzed up about something and i go way to far with it.
really?oh, yeah.
 like last summer.
 i'm watchin tv and i saw one of those jet-skis.
 $ later and it's sitting in my garage.
you know, that's weird, actually, cause i'm sort of the same way.
 i mean once for like, no reason, i flattened my hair and i had all these strands hanging in my face all the time sometimes i think i do want kids.
 maybe a lot of kids!sometimes i think about wearing my hair real short.
yeah! i think i like short hair.
 really short.
yeah!yeah!this is a crude mock-up of the conference room.
 / th scale.
when did you build this thing?yesterday, took the day off.
 now, from the time i left the room wait, that's you?yeah.
i really think the m&m should be you.
alright, whatever! now.
 whatever caused the damage was jarring enough to completely stop the tape.
and?okay.
 that's what we know.
but we already knew that.
well, yeah.
just give me some idea of what you think it could be.
i don't know if you're ready for it.
please.
i believe that i am about to become the target of a systematic process of intimidation and manipulation, the likes of which you have never -hold it, hold it! you're right, i'm not ready for this.
 yeah?it's pam.
c'mon up.
 i'm not through here, jerry.
 what was that?we were just playin.
'listen, i had a long talk with kramer today uh huh well, the thing is, i uh i think i have a little crush on him.
 i'm so happy! my world suddenly has meaning!this is the man you have a crush on?well, i have feelings for both of you.
how can you have feelings for him? we're soul mates.
why can't i be a soul mate?jerry, you really think that pam would want you to be the father of her children?children? who said anything about children? i don't want to have children.
there are some people in this room who would have been very happy to never see this briefcase again.
 there are people in this room who think they can destroy other people's property and get away with it.
 well, let me tell you something about those people.
 they weren't counting on this brain! and this tape recorder.
george you'll have your turn! the truth must be heard.
 s start with, uh with you, wyck.
george, quinn here was moving a chair he lost his balance and dropped it it must have fallen on your briefcase, which, for some reason, contained a running tape recorder?alright, then.
 we've gotten to the bottom of that.
what are you guys doing here?we're getting vasectomies.
why?i'm doing it for you.
what?what'd you do to your hair?i cut it.
it's a little short.
y'think?what are you doing here?kevin's having his vasectomy reversed.
reversed?!  he embibed her glistening spell just before the other shoe fell.
is that a keats poem?no, it's a newman.
 well, i gotta run.
 does anyone think george might have murdered susan?oh, yeah.
 i just assumed he murdered her.
of course he killed her.
so it's not just me, then.
 alright! back to business.
all right.
 how bout this one: let's say you're abducted by aliens.
fine.
they haul you aboard the mother ship, take you back to their planet as a curiosity.
 now: would you rather be in their zoo, or their circus?i gotta go zoo.
 i feel like i could set more of my own schedule.
but in the circus you get to ride around in the train, see the whole planet!i'm wearin a little hat, i'm jumpin through fire they're puttin their little alien heads in my mouth  s show business but in the zoo, you know, they might, put a woman in there with me to uh you know, get me to mate.
what if she's got no interest in you?w--then i'm pretty much where i am now.
 at least i got to take a ride on a spaceship.
george, why couldn't i use the bathroom in that store?kramer, trust me, this is the best bathroom in midtown! wha?? he knows.
 ha ha! ll catch you later.
you sure? he knows.
wow.
 nice.
why don't you try your engagement story? t work.
are you sure? he knows.
look.
 kevin.
 i really like you, heh, heh, uh.
 but, um, maybe we'd be, better off just being friends.
 friends?well.
 i mean.
 oh, god.
 this tuna tastes like an old sponge.
friends.
 yeah! why not friends? i might like to try that! like you an jerry! damn thing is jammed again you know what happens with these? the rollers, they get flat spots on em.
 come on, let's go.
  remember i was telling you about gillian, my friend who writes for the l.
l.
 bean catalogue? i really think you should give her a call.
 t know, do you have a--not bad.
 wuh--what does she-- i put her stats on the back.
pretty impressive--'serious boyfriend to .
 owns her own car favorite president: james polk! hnn! let me see that.
 d it go with kevin? did you, steel-toe his ass back to kentucky? s fine with it.
 he really wants to be friends.
why would anybody want a friend.
 d even go with me to the museum of miniatures.
 this is something you would never ever do.
i mean all that stuff is so small stupid  you know if i told my engagement story to that receptionist, but told her this, was my fianc&eacute;e what?don't you see.
 women like that are like, members of a secret tribe living in a forbidden city.
 people like me have not been inside in thousands of years but with this, it's like i've already been with one of her own! my hands been stamped! i come and go as i please!  can i keep this?no, i need it.
 thanks.
hi.
 i'm ah, i'm here to see a mr.
 art vandelay i'm sorry sir, there is no mr.
 vandelay here  oh! she's beautiful! who is she? well, if you must know, shhhe, was my fianc&eacute;e, susan.
 may she rest in peace.
oh, sorry she was lovely.
 i'm amanda.
 m george.
you want a drink? i'm buyin'.
jerry?gillian.
 hiii very nice to meet you.
it's nice to meet you!she had man-hands.
 man, hands?the hands of a man.
 it's like a creature out of greek mythology, i mean, she was like part woman, part horrible beast.
 would you, prefer it, if she had, no hands at all?would she have hooks?do uh, do hooks make it more attractive, jerry?kinda cool lookin'  -- yeah.
 yeah.
okay, i've got five, huge boxes of .
right.
 well if you need an extra set of hands, i know who you can call-- jerry!kramer?!hey buddy! hey!it--eight o'clock in the morning! what the hell is goin on?!breakfast.
 i gotta be in at brand/leland by nine.
why??because i'm workin there, that's why.
 how long have i been asleep? what--what year is this?jerry.
 i don't know if you've noticed, but lately, i've been drifting, aimlessly? now that you mention it.
but i finally realized what's missing, in my life.
 structure.
 an at brand/leland, i'm gettin things done.
 an i love the people i'm workin with.
how much are they payin you?oh, no, no, no-no--i don't want any pay.
 i'm doin this just for me.
really.
 so uh, what do you do down there all day?t.
c.
b.
 you know, takin care o business.
 aa--i gotta go.
all right.
 forget my briefcase.
w-w-wha you got in there? crackers.
so the picture worked.
 amazing!hey, she wants me to dress uh smart casual.
 what uh, what is that?i don't know, but you don't have it.
right.
 bye.
where were you today?what?pick.
 up.
 damn.
so? where were you?!uh, here i guess, an uh, uh i went out and picked up a paper.
 pick me up!so? what are friends for?yeah! an he is a friend, jerry.
 he is reliable.
 he is considerate.
 he's like your, exact opposite.
so he's bizarro jerry! bizarro jerry?yeah.
 like bizarro superman.
 superman's exact opposite, who lives in the backwards bizarro world.
 up is down.
 down is up.
 he says hello when he leaves, good bye when he arrives.
 ?no.
 it's still a goodbye.
uh.
 does he live underwater?no.
is he black look.
 just, forget it, .
 all right?wow.
 man.
 what a day.
 could i use a drink.
 tough day at the office?just comin in, an that phone just wouldn't stop.
well, we better get goin if we're gonna go to that uh, seven o'clock cold fusion.
yeah.
 well, count me out.
 i'm swimmin'.
 old man leland is bustin my hump over these reports.
 if i don't get em done by nine, i'm toast this is a fantastic place! i always thought it was a meat packing plant!these are my friends.
 anabelle, justina, and nikki.
 we used to model together.
oh! modelling! what's that like? fun? ha ha.
 stupid! stupid! stupid!so nikki, uh, how was paris this time?you know, i used to love paris.
 my uh, dead fianc&eacute;e, susan in fact i.
 think i, i may have a picture of her would you like some bread, jerry?no no thanks, i'm, just not hungry.
well, then at least drink your beer  oh.
 twist off you have a little something on your face.
i can get it.
 eh, no-no, no-no you're missing it, it's higher.
  s an eyelash.
 make a wish.
i don't want to.
make a wish.
okay.
 t come true.
 t you just love lobster?that museum of miniatures was amazing.
i know, he's so tiny!yeah! hey--hey guys! elaine, sit down.
 these are a couple o my friends.
 uh, this is gene.
 and this guy, we just call feldman!' bizarro world  jerry? it was incredible! models! as far as the eye could see!then it does exist.
yes.
 the legends are true.
so when are you goin out with this girl again?i'm not! i'm inside the walls!so you're gonna burn that bridge.
flame on! i got it.
 no.
 you got it last time.
 t worry about it.
 this is unbelievable hey elaine, what do you think of an alarm clock, that automatically tells you the weather when you wake up?well, i gotta say that i think that that is a fantastic idea, feldman!nah, it's not--it's just not practical.
 what are you gonna do down there?read! hello?so, uh.
 gillian's comin over later.
 i think i'm gonna end it.
uh-huh.
those meaty paws, i feel like i'm dating george the animal, .
yeah maybe i'll chain her to the refrigerator an sell tickets.
that's nice kramer, put the paper down! you never listen to me anymore! we hardly even talk!well, we're, talkin now, aren't we?--i sit here for twenty lousy minutes in the morning--oh here we go--an then when you come home at night, you're always exhausted--we never do anything anymore!what are you starting with me for? you know this is my crazy time o year?! s your third day  well.
 re gonna be late!what? what is goin on with you two?oh, i don't wanna talk about it all right, listen.
 have you seen my addre-- hey! wait! wait! wait a second! where you goin'? i-i hardly ever see you anymore.
 s the bizarro coffeeshop?kevin and his friends are nice people! they do good things.
 they read i read.
books, jerry.
 oh.
 big deal well! i can't spend the rest of my life coming into this stinking apartment every ten minutes to pore over the, excruciating minutia, of every, single, daily event  the teller gives me this look, like--i'll see you later man.
 i gotta go.
 down!hello? amanda.
 hi, yes.
 listen.
 you know, i'm thinkin', we might just be better of bein friends.
 yeah.
 yeah, you know what, i can't even really talk about it right now.
 bye-bye.
 no! no!friends.
 just friends.
yeah.
yeah.
 all right.
 well, do you still want to see a movie later?i wish i could, but, we're friends i'm just gonna go, wash my hands.
good idea.
 yeah.
 t get back into the forbidden city! who is this jerry! i need you to get another picture of man-hands.
 i'm beggin you! show me a good time?yes! yes, all right--anything!got it.
 uh!jerry.
 hey jerry?i'm right here.
 re late.
yeah, well, i got held up, you know.
 what happened to your hand?like you care.
the work piled up, i lost track of time-- was, for two.
you cooked? s still effort.
 ow! jeez!what's wrong? s my stomach.
you're probably gettin an ulcer.
 this job is killing you! it's killing us.
 re right.
 these reports, they can wait a couple of hours.
 whadda say we go out tonight? any place you want.
the coffeeshop?you got it, buddy.
 ll call george!hey.
 isn't that elaine? elaine!elaine!elaine!elaine! elaine!hey! elaine! hi-i! over here!jerry george, kramer this is kevin, gene and feldman.
 this is really weird  could you guys excuse us, just for a moment.
sure.
  what what do you guys want elaine, i got to have another picture of gillian.
i tried to get him one but man-hands almost ripped my arm out of the socket!  guys.
 i gotta go.
 take it easy.
elaine? can i come?i'm, i'm sorry we've already got a george what did you want to see me about, mr.
 leland?kramer, i've been reviewing your work quite frankly, it stinks.
well, i ah been havin trouble at home and uh i mean, ah, you know, i'll work harder, nights, weekends, whatever it takes no, no, i don't think that's going to, do it, uh.
 these reports you handed in.
 it's almost as if you have no business training at all i don't know what this is supposed to be!well, i'm uh, just--tryin to get ahead well, i'm sorry.
 there's just no way that we could keep you on.
i don't even really work here!that's what makes this so difficult.
hi.
 george.
oh, yeah.
 yeah.
 i used to come here all the time with my fianc&eacute;e, back when it was a meat-packing plant.
 ha.
 here's her picture.
 huh?ha! heh.
let's go.
 private party.
 who is it? s lainey! hi .
 oh! oh-oh-oh-oh!come on in!okay.
 hi gene! what's up? just reading hey what're you doing?eatin olives.
have you ever heard of asking? who is it? feldman from across the hall.
 hey.
he-ey, kevin!hi.
look who i ran into.
 hello, kevin  hello, vargus ya wanna catch a ballgame this weekend?great! i'll see ya later! okay.
 so?i got em all right! hey, elaine, feldman was able to get us all tickets to the bolshoi!oh!  fourth row, center.
get out!  what is the matter with you?oh, kevin! i'm so sorry.
 is there anything i can do?haven't you done enough already? s locked so this is it, huh?but it--eh it was here, i'm tellin you, an w--w--it was really here! the, there was, a, bar, and a, an a dance floor  s get out of here george.
at work today, i discovered there's a payphone in the lobby that has free long distance.
oh, so what did you do?i called the phone company an immediately reported the error.
nice.
 who is it? feldman from across the hall.
 hold on.
kevin! brought some groceries.
again?! feldman, you didn't have to do that!hey, what are friends for?you know, i may not say this enough but you two are about the best friends a guy could have.
 oh.
 me so happy.
 me want to cry.
i wouldn't walk over there.
why not?it's the most dangerous part of the sidewalk.
 cab hops a curb, wap! you've had your last egg sandwich.
what about over there? you know air conditioners fall out all the time.
i'd much rather get hit by an pound air conditioner than a two ton cab.
no, cab's comin in right here m back in business.
much rather take it to the head, like i did in .
you were livin in the village then, right?don't really remember.
 toxic waste green.
that is disgusting.
you know, revulsion has now become a valid form of attraction.
well, then you're drivin me wild.
i had em done for the big peterman bash i'm throwin'.
 a party? i drive my people hard, and then i reward them.
like with dogs.
exactly.
party?yeah.
food?uh huh.
bar?yeah.
george?he's gonna show up anyway.
george, i just don't want you interfering.
how could i possibly interfere?isn't that what jack ruby said? s been ignoring this section all night.
 quesadilla?no thanks.
hi ah, my name is george.
anna.
 i don't recall seeing you around the office.
 do you work in the mail room?no, i'm a friend of elaine benes.
oh.
 excuse me.
 so how bout leading us in a toast?oh sure.
 hey guys, i wanna make a toast.
 um here's to us who wish us well, and those who don't can go to hell all right, who's dancin'? c'mon, who's dancin'? you want me, you want me to get it started? i'll get it started.
 whew! sweet fancy moses!you get the tickets?who wants two? special sneak preview of death blow.
death blow: when someone tries to blow you up, not because of who you are, but for different reasons altogether.
 jerry, do you think you can get an extra ticket for my friend brody?kramer, do you know what i had to go through to get these?yeah, i know, but he's a big fan of the genre.
 you know i'd consider it a personal favor to me.
yeah i guess i do owe you.
uh, listen, do you want me to stay here until george gets up?no, i'm okay.
there's no problem, really.
i'm fine.
 how was the party?food was good.
yeah, so i didn't miss anything?well, actually you did miss one nugget of entertainment.
 have you ever seen elaine dance?elaine danced?it was more like a full bodied dry heave set to music.
did she do the little kicks and the thumbs?what, you mean you know about this?for some time it was about five years ago.
 i never knew what to say to her about it.
 it was one of those problems i hoped would just go away.
well, sometimes you can't help these people til they hit rock bottom.
and by then you've lost interest.
hey, you gotta take a ride with me later.
 i borrowed my father's car.
 gto.
what made him get that thing?during that period when my folks were separated he went a little crazy.
not a very long trip.
 brody's in.
i don't even have the extra ticket yet.
well, you better get on the horn.
i'm tellin you jerry i'm gettin a vibe.
 if i didn't know better, i'd say the staff completely lost respect for me.
 how could that be?jerry, it's like the feeling is palpable.
 you think it could have something to do with the party?no, george was there, he said he had a great time.
ah, it's george.
 i bet you this is somehow george related.
oh, what are you talkin about?he's like a virus.
 he attaches himself to a healthy host company, and the next thing you know, the entire staff's infected.
now you're talkin crazy!all right, jerry, if that's not what it is, you tell me.
 what is it? .
you have a minute to approve some copy?oh yeah, sure, sure.
 so ah, did ya have a good time at the party last night?it was a real kick.
hey, did you happen to speak to my friend george?as a matter of fact i did.
ah hah.
 well, listen.
 you would be wise to keep your distance from him.
why? he seems harmless.
oh he's not.
 he's very harmful.
really?oh trust me.
 he's a bad seed.
 he's a horrible seed.
 he's one of the worst seeds i've ever seen.
and you two are friends?yeah, we're good friends.
so this anna called me from out of the blue.
really? i thought you were rebuffed.
with extreme prejudice.
maybe elaine put in a good word for you.
no, no.
 that's just the thing.
 anna told me that elaine said i was one of the worst seeds she'd ever seen.
interesting.
 she doesn't care for you, then a stern warning, suddenly a phone call.
 seems elaine's made you the bad boy.
 and anna digs the bad boy.
i'm the bad boy.
 i've never been the bad boy.
you've been the bad employee, the bad son, the bad friend yes yes, yesthe bad fianc&eacute;&mac ;, the bad dinner guest, the bad credit risk okay, the point is made.
the bad date, the bad sport, the bad citizen the bad tipper!half of show business is here.
there's brody.
 brody! over here.
hey kramer.
 and you must be jerry.
 thanks for the ticket.
that's quite a feed bag you're workin on there.
it's for all of us.
 is there a problem?brody, c'mon.
 he's just kidding.
 he's a joke maker.
 tell him, jerry.
i'm a joke maker.
all right, here we go, death blow.
  hey, hey, what the hell is he doing?relax, he does that all the time.
does what?he's making a copy of the movie for sale on the street, hum?may i see you outside for a moment please?but i want to--outside!hey, have you seen anna?uh, she just went to meet your friend george.
to meet george? i knew it.
 where did they go?the park, why?don't you see? george is in the bloodstream! you stay away from him, too!what do you mean he's bootlegging the movie?well, it's a perfectly legitimate business.
it's not legitimate.
it's a business.
where did you meet this guy?he's a friend of a friend.
 you know corky ramarez up on th street? one day he and i are playing pachinco--kramer.
 man, we're missin the death blow!i don't believe this.
 you know i'm not supposed to be talking to you.
no one's putting a gun to your head.
 do i, uh, scare you?no a little.
 nice car.
yeah, she's a sweet ride.
is that your orthopedic back pillow?maybe.
well is it or isn't it?guess not.
 stay away from her.
i didn't do nothin'.
 get in the car.
but you heard me young lady, get in the car.
 t want you infecting my staff.
lighten up.
go get em, death blow! you okay?uh, i got a cramp.
well, it's no wonder.
 you ate that entire bag of candy.
uh, there it goes again.
 kramer, you gotta drive me home.
hey, what is going on over there?jerry, finish shooting the movie for me.
are you nuts? there's no way i'm holding that thing.
jerry, if the man is in pain yeah well, maybe if he didn't lick his fingers before he reached in the bag we would've eaten some.
 serves him right.
 what are you some kind of tough guy?okay.
 let's everybody just relax.
 jerry, take the camera.
all right, i'm, i,m takin the camera.
 s go.
oh man hey man, so how was the rest of death blow?how was the rest of death blow?yeah, who got the final death blow, cause i thought that hawaiian guy, he had it comin to him!kramer, you make me get a ticket for this friend of yours and then the guy forces me to bootleg the movie at gun point!he's quite a character, isn't he?you know, he came by here at o'clock in the morning to pick up the tape.
 i was scared out of my mind!i got it.
 yep.
brody.
come on up.
 it's brody.
what are you, crazy? i don't want to see this guy again.
jerry, you did him a favor.
 he probably wants to come up and thank you.
what if i didn't do it right?it's your first time.
 he'll understand.
people with guns don't understand.
 that's why they get guns.
 too many misunderstandings.
hey, brody!hi.
jerry, i have to talk to you about the tape.
yeah.
i've never seen such beautiful work.
what? re a genius.
 the zoom-ins, the framing.
 i was enchanted.
well, i did the best i could.
i got another project for you.
 it's a movie called cry cry again.
 i was gonna give it to one of my other guys, but it's an arty movie and quite frankly, they don't have the sensibility.
may i use your phone?uh yeah.
 it's under the couch.
look at you! you've got another gig! uhh.
i don't want another gig! i'm not doin this.
but you have a gift.
 jerry, this is not your little comedy act.
 we're talkin feature films.
we're talkin federal crime here.
 sure, do you need a glove?nah.
i pressed through the rushes and there, the native dancers whirled before me: limbs flailing, arms akimbo, feet kicking up dust what? what is so funny?sorry, i got hung up.
at yankee stadium?this? it's mine.
oh really? cause it looks a little big for you.
 it looks like something a short, stocky, slow-witted, bald man might wear.
he's not stocky.
who did that? who did that?!? no, no, no, no, no, no, no! what were you thinking when you shot this?that's fine.
do you even know what this scene is about?it's about a guy buying a loaf of bread.
no, bread is his soul.
 he's trying to buy back a loaf of his soul.
wha? where?kramer there is no way you're giving this tape to brody and telling him i shot it.
nah, nah, he's not going to know the difference.
i don't care about brody.
 i was up on th street today, there was a kid couldn't have been more than ten years old.
 he was asking a street vendor if he had any other bootlegs as good as death blow.
 that's who i care about.
 the little kid who needs bootlegs, because his parent or guardian won't let him see the excessive violence and strong sexual content you and i take for granted.
so you'll do the movie? i have to.
 but i'm gonna need to storyboard this whole thing.
 where are my magic markers?right here.
 well, i have lost complete control of my staff.
 why did i let george go to that party? i mean, we were having so much fun.
 we were wining, we were dining, we were dancing.
 what? this umpf thing.
it's dancing.
no, no.
 that ain't dancing, sally.
i dance fine.
you stink.
 he doesn't know what he's talkin about.
 m a good dancer, right?i forgot to make my bed.
 jerry, do i stink?all right, you're beyond stink.
but i really enjoy dancing.
and that's not helpin either.
 that's why you're havin trouble with your staff, not because of george.
it's that bad?have you ever seen yourself? ll be right back.
i have george costanza still holding.
george, hi.
 i have anna here.
 there's something i wanna say to both of you.
yo, anna.
hi, george.
 what're you up to? t wanna know.
uh, well, listen.
 i feel really horrible about trying to keep you two apart and i just wanted to apologize.
what, wha, what're you talkin about?well, george, i just want you to hear me say to anna that you're a good and decent person.
pick up the phone, elaine.
 pick it up!i never should have given anna the impression--pick it up, pick it up!--that you're a bad seed, i mean, you're a fine seed.
elaine, get off the speaker! what?you are ruinin everything.
i'm trying to help.
 why are you being so difficult?yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 that's it.
 more of that, difficult.
 i'm a difficult seed.
george, i don't have time for this.
 uh, anna, do you wanna talk to george?um, no, i don't think so.
no, she doesn't want to.
 okay, bye, george.
 we'll see ya.
i'm a bad man!so where's the tape?no, i didn't shoot this one.
 i'm just scouting the location.
i need the tape.
you'll get your tape.
 but here's what i'm gonna need.
 i'm gonna need three cameras, two on the floor, one in the balcony.
 and i want headsets for the guys runnin 'em.
 i wanna be able to talk to em.
are you out of your mind?kramer i know, jerry.
 it's okay.
 s happy.
just shoot the damn thing so i can get it out on the street!all right.
 that's it, i can't work like this.
jerry i'm off the project.
 jerry!i want the tape.
yeah.
well, i'm the good boy again.
 can you believe that?they think they can get anyone to shoot these bootlegs.
anna actually has respect for me now.
 s all over.
eh, the whole business has changed.
 it's all about money now.
 the sad thing is it's the kids that suffer.
 listen, man.
 you gotta shoot this movie for me.
 brody, he's a reasonable man, but he's insane!kramer, i'm not doin this anymore.
 i don't know what i was thinking.
 it's illegal, it's dangerous did you say dangerous?i'm a bootlegger.
you're a what?i'm bootleggin a movie, baby!isn't that illegal?i can do hard time for this one.
 and community service!is this your fibercon? get outta my way!jerry, george got arrested.
what?yeah.
 he went down at the beackman, he tried to lam, but they cheesed him.
oh now i see.
 yeah.
brody, i'm comin up.
what're we gonna do?well, i ah, gotta give him something.
 come on, where's that tape i shot?i think that's it.
 sweet fancy moses!jerry, she taped over the whole ending! where's the tape?uh, well.
 it, uh is that it?uh, yeah, yeah.
 here it is, brody.
 one copy of cry cry again.
how'd it turn out?uh great.
although the whole story kinda comes apart at the end there.
yeah, out of nowhere there's this lone dancer who appears to be injured.
yeah, it's a disturbing image.
yeah, so you cry and when you see the dancing, you cry again.
 ll be it.
why did the policeman have to yell at me like that? anna oh, elaine, thanks for picking me up.
 i can explain everything.
all right.
 well, we'll talk about it tomorrow at the office.
 okay, where's my boy?oh my god.
i'm sitting at home, reading a periodical, and this is the call i get? my son is a bootlegger? ow! dad who put you up to this, was it her?all right.
 wait a minute.
 i think you've got it backwards.
my george isn't clever enough to hatch a scheme like this.
you got that right.
what the hell does that mean?that means whatever the hell you want it to mean.
you sayin you want a piece of me?i could drop you like a bag of dirt.
you wanna piece of me? you got it! but he's an old man, elaine.
well, he wrote the check, and i cashed it.
 s the bootlegged death blow that i shot.
oh, cry cry again, i wanna see that.
no you don't.
you shot death blow?yeah.
that was brilliant.
thank you.
 you were big.
i'm still big.
 it's the bootlegs that got small.
 so how are things at the office? back to normal?yeah, pretty much.
 although i still get the vibe every once in a while.
i wouldn't worry about it.
 well, i really miss the bermuda triangle.
i guess there's not much action down there these days.
oh, there's action.
 there's plenty of action.
 that damned alien autopsy is stealing all the headlines.
yeah, tell me about it.
see, what they gotta do is loose a plane or a greenpeace boat in there.
 see, that would get the triangle going again.
what keeps the water in there? i mean, why doesn't it disappear?what would be the point in taking the water?it's gorgeous water.
 do we own bermuda?no.
 it belongs to the british.
lucky krauts.
so, what do you think about that alien autopsy?oh, that's real.
i think so too.
the doctor will be with you in a moment.
 difficult? elaine.
 you shouldn't be reading that.
 so tell me about this rash of yours.
 well it's, it's you know i noticed that somebody wrote in my chart that i was difficult in january of and i have to tell you that i remember that appointment exactly.
 you see this nurse asked me to put a gown on but it was a mole on my shoulder and i specifically wore a tank top so i wouldn't have to put a gown on.
 you know there made of paper.
 well that was a long time ago.
 how about if i just erase it.
 now about that rash but it was in pen.
 you fake erase.
 all right miss benes.
 this doesn't look to serious.
 you'll be fine.
what are you writing? doctor.
 here you go.
 thanks.
 i hope you got that mustard stain out of your shirt.
 ohhhhhh no.
 all you got to do is jiggle it with this screwdriver.
 smile what are you doing? i meet this women, sheila.
 she works down at the one hour photo pace.
 she's got this incredible smile.
 like she's got extra teeth or something extra teeth.
 i love that look.
 hey check this out.
 i go to pick up my pictures and she says i hope you got that mustard stain out of your shirt.
 what mustard stain? don't you see.
 she's looking at my pictures.
 why did you take a picture of a mustard stain? that's got nothing to do with it.
 i see.
 she's looking.
 yesssss.
 hey, you got to get this thing fixed.
 they've tried to fix it.
 but it keeps coming back the same.
 would you like a refund? well i can't the warranty expired two years ago.
 would you be interested? well how are you going would you? i guess i would.
 yeah, yeah.
 you are not going to believe what happened to me at the doctors office today.
 not the gown again.
 no, no.
 i was looking at my chart and it said i was difficult.
 why would they write that? they have gotten to know you.
 then the doctor writes more stuff down and doesn't even look at my rash.
 why don't you find a doctor that doesn't know your difficult.
 oh come on.
 i'm not difficult.
 i'm easy.
 why because you dress casual and sleep with a lot of guys.
 listen to me you little shi smile.
 well elaine you really didn't have to put on the gown.
 oh it's my pleasure.
 i love these.
 in fact i got one at home.
 it's perfect when you just want to throw something on.
 all rightly.
 let me just review your history before we begin.
 where did you get my chart? from your last doctor.
 it's a standard procedure.
 you know i can tell you my whole history.
 let's just .
 okay.
 let's take a look.
 well that doesn't look to serious.
 you'll be fine.
 please, please.
 it's really, really itchy.
 seinfeld? yeah.
 i got a package for you.
 sign here.
 who's it from? no return address.
 what if i don't want it? are you refusing delivery? maybe i am.
 why would you do that? i've never done it before.
 why start now? why not? all right.
 why did you refuse the package.
 everybody loves a package.
 i don't know it was weird.
 crazy printing.
 i don't know who it was from.
 what do you think it's a bomb? it's not totally impossible.
 oh the ego on you.
 why can't i be bombable? who's going to bomb you.
 an airline for all the stupid little peanut jokes.
 i suppose you think your bombable.
 hey.
 there is a couple of people that wouldn't mind having me out of the way.
 there's more than a couple.
 hey.
 check these out.
 i just picked them up from sheila.
 she must have loved these.
 you don't have a mercedes.
 i know.
 i just sort of leaned on it so it would look like it was mine.
 the driver seems a little put out.
 no.
 he was fine with it.
 check that out.
 is that burt reynolds? wax museum.
 oh.
 oh.
 what is this? that's a lot of skin.
 this must be sheila from the photo place.
 you can barely see her face.
 she must have slipped it in here.
 i i i photo store sheila.
 well hello photo store sheila.
 all right.
 i will see you boys later.
 where are you going? to ask her out.
 no, no.
 your not playing the game.
 what game? she goes to these lengths to entice you and your only response is gee i really like your picture.
 would you like to go out on a date with me please.
 no good? george.
 it's the timeless art of seduction.
 you got to join in the dance.
 she sends you an enticing photo, you send her one right back.
 oh, i don't know.
 well as you know i've always been something of a photog.
 oh yeah i like this idea.
 hey danny.
 hello.
 how are you? hey leo.
 leo what's up with your nephew.
 he wouldn't except his package.
 oh he wants it.
 he's just trying to be funny.
 yeah i'll sign it .
and then he starts writing on my chart.
 well why don't you get a hold of it and change what you don't like.
 you can't change your chart.
 it's your chart.
 i am in and out of my personnel file at work all the time.
 you are!?! hey.
 i've kept the same job for more than two years.
 it's not luck.
 elaine, have you ever sent a racy photograph of yourself to anyone? yeah.
 i sent one to everyone i know.
 remember my christmas card.
 oh yeah the nipple.
 but besides that.
 how did you feel about kramer's work? actually i thought he was very professional.
 so it was a good experience.
 oh yeah.
 in fact i like the picture so much i cropped out the nipple and am using as my health club id.
 nice.
 yeah it is nice actually.
 i need to see dr.
 burke right away.
 this rash is spreading.
 he can't see you miss benes, he's busy.
 oh come on.
 have some compassion.
 okay well i hope it's contagious come on.
 move.
 t know if uh .
 the chart miss benes.
 oh please no more.
 hey where's kramer? he went to get some steak sauce.
 why? personal matter.
 hello jerry! it's your uncle leo! hello! hello leo.
 you don't have to yell.
 i got your package.
 how did you get my package? what should i do with it? i don't know what you should do with it.
 tell him to open it.
 i am not going to treat my uncle like a bomb defusing robot.
 jerry, your cousin jeffrey is in the parks production of the mikado'.
 i want you to go see it with me.
 open the package leo.
 okay.
 opening.
 opening.
 so it wasn't a bomb.
 no, no bomb.
 well then what? oh stupid leo was using one of those oven cleaners.
 he left the canister in there and the pilot light was on.
 the whole thing blew up.
 but he's okay? yeah but the explosion singed off his eyebrows, mustache everything.
 he's all smooth now.
 look's like a seal.
 yeah i am still holding.
 is this my stereo? hey you got it.
 what happened to my stereo? it's all smashed up.
 that's right.
 now it looks like it was broken during shipping and i insured it for $ .
 but you were supposed to get me a refund.
 you can't get a refund.
 your warranty expired two years ago.
 so were going to make the post office pay for my new stereo? it's just a write off for them.
 how is it a write off? they just write it off.
 write it off what? jerry all these big companies they write off everything you don't even know what a write off is.
 do you? no.
 i don't.
 but they do and they are the ones writing it off.
 i wish i just had the last twenty seconds of my life back.
 what?!? he doesn't have one appointment this whole month!?! oh come on.
 i am dying here man.
 hello, hello.
 still no luck jerry i am at doctor zimmerman.
 i am at the end of the alphabet.
 there's no zorn or zoutraph.
 there on vacation.
 every doctor in this city seems to know who i am .
hey what about dr.
 resnick my uncle leo is going to see him tomorrow .
dr.
 resnick.
 he's not listed.
 he's not that good.
 elaine said your pretty good at this stuff.
 oh yeah.
 elaine was a fun project.
 i enjoyed working with her.
 you don't have your own camera.
 uh no.
 look at this.
 okay yeah this looks good and i like what your wearing.
 i feel fat.
 no, no.
 you're stoked.
 the camera loves stokedness.
 look were not going to do anything that makes you feel uncomfortable.
 the key word is tasteful.
 now i want you to relax and have fun because your a fun guy.
 all right let's do it.
 okay come on.
 feel the beat.
 feel the beat.
 you know you got some real strong pecks but it's hard to tell under that t-shirt.
 well do you want me to take it off? i don't know it's up to you.
 do you think it would be better if i did? it might be.
 i mean whatever you want.
 all right!! that's it george.
 come on, come on.
 give it to me.
 come on,work it.
 work it.
 yeah be a man, be a man.
 you are a lover boy!! oh yeah.
 this can't miss.
 hello.
 is this elaine marie benes? yes.
 who it this? we are with the american medical association.
 can you confirm the correct spelling of your last name? is it b-e-n-e-s.
 yeah.
 what is this all about good bye.
 hello, hello.
 what? oh uh uh get off the line.
 were trying to make another call.
 elaine.
 hello.
 what are you doing here? leo.
 has the doctor been in yet? no.
 i am going to ask him about my eyebrows.
 okay listen leo.
 your hairless, your scared.
 when the doctor comes in let me do the talking.
 okay.
 leo.
 i heard you had a little mishap.
 it was a fireball.
 i should have never left him alone.
 and who are you? i am his nurse poloma.
 you're not my nurse.
 he has good days and bad.
 what seems to be the problem? are my eyebrows going to grow back? and he's has a bit of a rash.
 really.
 yeah.
 well there's been a bit of that going around lately.
 will you excuse me poloma.
 i just need to get some ointment.
 i don't like this, it is to easy.
 elaine shut up! i think he's on to us.
 elaine what about my eyebrows? shhhhhh.
 here.
 i don't like this kramer.
 will it be much longer? i am sorry.
 it looks like the claim has been red flagged.
 your under investigation.
 investigation? hello jerry.
 hello newman.
 kramer you might as well run along.
 jerry might be a while.
 suspicion of mail fraud.
 mail fraud.
 your in a lot of trouble buddy.
 i got your ointment.
 where's your nurse? she left.
 no need to get angry.
 calm down.
 i am calm.
 leo i don't care for your demeanor.
 demeanor? now your just being difficult.
 what are you writing? so i really liked the pictures i picked up here yesterday.
 i am glad george.
 and here's a roll that i think you may enjoy.
 great.
 shall we say an hour.
 hey ron i got to go to lunch.
 can you do a roll? no problem.
 by the way.
 you know that model that is always in here.
 she's missing one of her lingerie shots.
 have you seen it? no.
 all right.
 then let me ask you this.
 didn't you find it interesting that your friend had the foresight to purchase postal insurance for your stereo.
 huh.
 i mean parcels are rarely damaged during shipping.
 define rarely.
 frequently.
 are we about throw here newman? it's pretty hot under these lights huh seinfeld.
 pretty .
 hot .
actually i am quite comfortable.
 can i have a sip? no.
 not going to play ball.
 huh all right.
 admit it that stereo was all ready busted.
 you can't prove anything.
 is this or is this not your signature? no in a matter of fact it isn't.
 uncle leo? this case is closed pending further evidence.
 jerry.
 get in there.
 get chart.
 get out.
 you got it.
 yeah let me borrow your scarf.
 this.
 yeah.
 all right one chart coming up.
 okay.
 bennette right? benes.
 my last name is benes you jackass.
 yeah.
 jerry, jerry, jerry, jerry, jerry, jerry, jerry, jerry, jerry.
i like what you've done with that.
 may i help you? yes, yes.
 i am dr.
 vanostran from the clinic.
 i need elaine benes chart.
 she's a patient of mine and she's not going to make it.
 it's uh very bad very messy.
 i see and what clinic is that again? that's correct.
 excuse me.
 from the hoffer-mandale clinic in belgium.
 really? the netherlands? where's my chart? did you get it? no.
 what? what happened? i don't know.
 but now they got a chart on me.
 i don't know where they could be.
 can't find them.
 that's marvelous.
 the dance continues.
 well if i find them i'll call you.
 and maybe we could go out and do something.
 sure.
 hello.
 hi.
 so the little guy finally asked me out.
 really? hey i can't find his photo's anywhere.
 oh you know what happened.
 some guy from the post office confiscated them.
 he left his card.
 newman? i don't know what newman wanted to see me for.
 gentlemen, gentlemen.
 i am so happy to see you both.
 there is just some inconsistencies i'd like to straighten out.
 i'm clean and you know it.
 clean? hardly.
 this looks like a man that isn't happy with his stereo performance.
 where did you get that? i think that's one of mine.
 it looks like your breaking into it like an otter breaking into a clad.
 i don't know about that but i'm sure there is a explanation.
 yes.
 it's called mail fraud.
 oohhhh.
 how i've longed for this moment seinfeld.
 the day when i would have the proof i needed to hall you out of your cushy lair and expose to the light of justice as the monster that you are.
 a monster so vile newman!! there will be a small fine.
 okay.
 can we go now? not so fast pretty boy.
 there is more to this sorted little affair.
 oh my god!! this photo clearly indicates your involvement in some ill-conceived mail order pornography ring.
as does this one found in the same disturbing packet.
 oh my god!!! we have some questions we'd like you to answer.
 i have some questions of my own.
 hi.
 one of your mailmen .
 oh my god, george!?! listen sheila it's not what you think.
 i put my trust into the wrong person.
 he said the key word was tasteful.
 the timeless art of seduction.
 sheila!!!  look, sigmund.
 look in the sky.
 the planets are on fire.
 it is just as you prophesied.
 the planets of our solar system, incinerating.
 like flaming globes, sigmund.
 like flaming globes ah, ha, ha, ha what do you got, a cucumber?yeah, so what?you're bringing in an ouside cucumber?they refuse to put cucumber in the salad.
 i need cucumber.
 t read this! ful-hel-mo-nen-ter-val? i got up last night, i wrote this down, i thought i had this great bit.
no.
 let me see that.
 johnny? johnny who? johnny carson? did i insult johnny on the tonight show? did you mess with johnny, jerry?let me see that.
 hey, where's kramer?i don't know.
 that's like asking where's waldo?' m having a heart attack.
i don't think that's it.
i'm not kidding.
what does that mean?i think what he's trying to say is that he's having a heart attack.
oh, he's having a heart attack.
tightness c'mon.
shortness of breath oh, this is ridiculous.
radiating waves of pain i know what this is.
 you saw that show on pbs last night, coronary country.
 i saw it in the tv guide.
 i called him and told him to make sure and not watch it.
there was nothing else on.
 oh, the left arm the left arm.
 he saw that show on anorexia last year, and ate like an animal for two weeks.
why can't i have a heart attack? i'm allowed.
so what do you want? you want me take you to the hospital?manhattan memorial, less of a line.
i'll call an ambulance.
 is everything alright?we'll just take a check.
 you made a mistake on the george!ooohhh argghhh are are you okay?ooooooohhh i'm george george costanza i've never been in the hospital a day in my life except when i had my tonsils out.
 you know, they never gave me any ice cream.
 i always felt that-shut up!well? what do you think?'salami salami bologna'? ll be in - in a few minutes.
 buddy? you need anything? do you want me to go out and get you a superman comic?no, no thanks.
 you know, i was wondering you know that black hawks jacket you have?oh, sure, my black hawks jacket.
 i love my black hawks jacket.
well, you know, i was thinking - if things don't exactly work out well, it wouldn't fit you.
 the sleeves are too short.
no, i tried it on.
 it fits good.
well, i didn't really think about what i was gonna do with all well, you know  well, okay.
oh, and do you think it would be alright if i called susan davis?susan davis? hey, wait a second well, it's not like we'd be bumping into you.
i don't know you and susan davis?you know, if your future was a little more certain okay, go ahead.
 call her, get married, have babies, have a great life what do i care? i'm finished.
 s just get it over with.
 be a pal just take the pillow and put it over my face.
well, ah what are ya doing?! whadya, crazy?!jerry!  jerk off.
 s fine.
hi, george.
 how ya feeling? is anybody getting your apartment?i'll tell ya, if i ever get out of here, i'm gonna change my life.
 i'm gonna do a whole zen thing.
 take up yoga, meditate i'll eat right.
 calm down, lose my anger hey, is anybody listening?! uh, mr.
 costanza? uh, yeah.
 you know, doctor, i gotta tell you, i feel a lot better.
well, we looked at your ekg's, ran some tests, did a complete work-up.
 oh god, mommy!and you simply haven't had a heart attack.
 t know how to thank you.
 hey, that was really fun, george.
 can we go home now?no, actually, we'd like to keep him here overnight for observation, just to be safe.
oh, sure.
 sure, anything.
 can you believe it? there's nothing wrong with me.
well, i wouldn't go that far.
 what? oh my god.
 what? is it meningitis? scoliosis? lupis?! is it lupis?!have you ever had your tonsils taken out?my tonsils? yeah, when i was a kid.
well, they've grown back.
 your adenoids are swollen too.
really? it happens.
yeah, if you've been exposed to gamma rays.
i still have my tonsils.
 everyone in my family has their tonsils.
 in fact, we were forbidden to socialize with anyone who didn't have their tonsils.
that's interesting.
 because, no one in my family has their tonsils, and we were forbidden to socialize with tonsil people.
 s like the capulets and the montagues.
 excuse me!anyway, i strongly recommend they come out.
what? you mean with a knife?yes.
 with a knife.
 you know, snip, snip.
 anyway, you'd be completely under, you wouldn't feel a thing.
 and when you wake up, you can have some ice cream.
 s what they told me the last time.
think about it.
 excuse me.
 women go after doctors like men go after models.
 they want someone with knowledge of the body we just want the body.
hey.
hey.
boy, they got a great cafeteria downstairs.
 hot food, sandwiches, a salad bar it's like a sizzler's opened up a hospital! re a young man.
 what were you doing? are they gonna do a zipper job? oh, they love to do zipper jobs.
 kramer.
the really bad thing about the heart is the sex thing.
 see, you gotta be careful about sex now.
 you get that heart pumping and suddenly, boom! next thing you know, you got a hose coming out of your chest attached to a piece of luggage.
kramer, george didn't have a heart attack.
no? that's good.
i have to have my tonsils taken out.
oh man no george, we gotta get you outta here.
 get out! right now! they'll kill ya in here.
 s routine surgery.
oh yeah? my friend, bob saccomanno, he came in here for a hernia operation oh yeah, routine surgery now he's sittin around in a chair by a window going, my name is bob george, whatever you do, don't let em cut you.
 don't let em cut you well, what should i do, kramer?well, for one think, don't listen to him.
i'll tell you what to do, i'll tell you what to do.
 you go to tor eckman.
 tor, tor, he'll fix you right up.
 he's a herbalist, a healer, george.
 he's not just gonna fix the tonsils and the adenoids, he is gonna change the whole way you function - body and mind.
eckman? i thought he was doing time?no, no, he's out.
 he got out.
 see, the medical establishment, see, they tried to frame him.
 it's all politics.
 but he's a rebel.
a rebel? no.
 johnny yuma was a rebel.
 eckman is a nut.
 george, you want to take care of your tonsils, you do it in a hospital.
 with a doctor.
he's holistic, george.
 he's holistic.
holistic that sounds right.
george, you need a medical doctor.
 let me ask you something how much do you think it would cost to have tonsils and adenoids removed in the hospital?well, an overnight stay in a hospital? minor surgery? i dunno, four grand.
uh-huh.
 and how much does the healer charge?first visit? thirty-eight bucks.
oh, yeah? holistic that's what i need.
 that's the answer.
so, how do you like the way i talked you into comin down here?don't flatter yourself, my friend.
 i'm here strictly for material, and i have a feeling this is a potential gold mine i still think you're nuts, though.
all i know is i've been going to doctors all my life.
 what has it gotten me? i'm thirty-three years old.
 i haven't outgrown the problems of puberty, i'm already facing the problems of old age.
 i completely skipped healthy adulthood.
 i went from having orgasms immediately to taking forever.
 you could do your taxes in the time it takes me to have an orgasm.
 i've never had a normal, medium orgasm.
 ve never had a really good pickle.
besides, what's it gonna cost me? thirty-eight bucks? would you not put your foot on that please?sorry.
what month were you born?april.
you should have been born in august.
 your parents would have been well-advised to wait.
really?do you use hot water in the shower?yes.
stop using it.
 okay.
i'm off hot water.
kramer tells me that you are interested in an alternative to surgery.
yes, yes i am.
 i think we can help you.
 see, unfortunately, the medical establishment is a business like any other business.
 and business needs customers.
 and, they want to sell you their most expensive item which is unnecessary surgery.
 can i use hot water on my face?no.
 you know, i am not a business man.
 i'm a holistic healer.
 it's a calling, it's a gift.
 you see, it's in the best interest of the medical profession that you remain sick.
 you see, that insures good business.
 you're not a patient.
 you're a customer.
 re not a doctor, but you play one in real life.
 what about shaving? i guess so.
 you see, you are in disharmony.
 the throat is the gateway to the lung.
 tonsillitis, adenoiditis, is, in chinese medical terms, and invasion of heat and wind.
 s some hot air blowing in here you know, i lived with the eskimos many years ago, and they used to plunge their faces into the snow.
 could it be lukewarm?too much dairy? you really think i'm eating too much dairy? the tongue yes, the tongue or, in medical terms, the glossa.
 it's a muscular organ consists of two parts the body, and the root you see, it's covered by this mucous membrane these little raised projections are the papillae, which give it that furry appearance.
 very tactile uh-huh.
 s a special concoction.
 it contains crampbark.
i love crampbark.
cleavers.
cleaver, i once had cleaver as a kid.
 i was able to lift a car.
and some couchgrass.
couchgrass and crampbark? you know, i think that's what killed curly.
go ahead, drink it, george.
excuse me, tor.
 may i ask you a question? you have intuitive abilities.
 you're in touch with a lot of this cosmic kind of things i have this note i can't read.
 i was wondering if- go ahead, drink it, george.
 s not too bad  m a minstrel man! t take your chuckle, man!i had five chuckles.
 i ate a green one, and the yellow one, and the red one is missing!i don't even like chuckles! s possible.
my face! my face! get me to the hospital!i want that chuckle! you hear me?! ll get you a chuckle.
 you want me to get you a chuckle? pull over!pull over? did you say pull over?! you want a piece of me?!yeah!you're gonna fight?now?! i'm a mutant! hey, let me drive.
come on, man.
 pull over!alright! i'm gonna mess you up, man! really, gentlemen, please.
my heart! my heart! where you going? are you crazy?!i'm gonna kick his ass.
 hey, you have keys?you can't leave! this is an ambulance! this is an emergency!all this for a chuckle.
what's a chuckle?it's a jelly candy.
 it comes in five flavors.
you see, taste buds run on grooves along the surfaces.
can you let go of my tongue now?what?let go of my tongue! oh, sorry.
well, i should get going what are you doing?i was going to kiss you good night.
a kiss? with the tongue? the glossa with the bumps and the papillae? yech, i don't think so.
 you just can't leave him out there.
i told him i was gonna mess him up.
well, can you call him an ambulance?i told him i didn't take his chuckle.
 i don't eat that gooey crap!hey, watch the road! watch the road, man! hey, man, you want some of what he got?!watch out!how ya doing? what are you doing?oh, poor george.
 oh, i'm sorry, but i can't stay long.
 i don't want to run into doctor tongue here, i brought you something.
 oh, please, come on it was nothing.
hey, check the tv.
 s just as you prophesied.
 the planets of our solar system, incinerating.
 like flaming globes, sigmond.
 like flaming globes.
 ah, ha, ha, ha  s nothing funny about that.
shut up!aaahhhgggg!i have a friend who's a hypochondriac, always thinks he's sick - never is.
 and they, you have another type of person, always thinks they're well, not matter how bad they really are.
 you know this type of person? very annoying.
 feel great like being on the respirator intravenous heart/lung machine.
 i never felt better in my life.
 medical science is making advances every day in control health problems.
 in fact, it's probably only a matter of time before a heart attack, you know, becomes like, a head ache.
 we'll just see people on tv going, i had a heart attack this big well i started out working in mortgage bonds, but i just found that so limiting.
my friend kramer and i were discussing that same thing the other day.
 he was with brant-leland for a while.
wow.
 well then my mentor suggested that i move into equities, best move i ever made.
mentor? you mean your boss.
oh, no no no, cynthia's just a successful businesswoman who's taken me under her wing.
hmm.
 so cynthia's your mentor.
and i'm her prot&eacute;g&eacute;.
 you must have someone like that.
 you know, who guides you in your career path.
well, i like gabe kaplan.
i still don't understand this.
 abby has a mentor?yes.
 and the mentor advises the prot&eacute;g&eacute;.
is there any money involved?no.
so what's in it for the mentor?respect, admiration, prestige.
pssh.
 would the prot&eacute;g&eacute; pick up stuff for the mentor?i suppose if it was on the prot&eacute;g&eacute;'s way to the mentor, they might.
laundry? dry cleaning?it's not a valet, it's a prot&eacute;g&eacute;.
alright.
 listen, i gotta get some reading done.
 you mind if i do this here? i can't concentrate in my apartment.
 risk management?yeah.
 steinbrenner wants everyone in the front office to give a lecture in their area of business expertise.
well what makes them think you're a risk management expert?i guess it's on my resume.
hello?please hold for elaine benes.
you know what? i can't do this.
 i can't read books anymore; books on tape have ruined me, jerry.
 i need that nice voice.
 this book has voice.
 i hate my voice.
so get this book on tape.
you can't, it's a textbook.
hey, jer.
 are you going to this bob sacamano party?am i going? it was three nights ago.
what? you're kidding, i just got this invitation today.
 oh, i was so excited.
 it's really a beautiful invitation.
oh, it was a lovely affair.
wait a minute; this postmark is three weeks old.
 man, this happens all the time.
 jeanine? who the hell runs the mailroom?eddie sherman.
alright, send him up here.
you gonna do a little yelling?i'm gonna do a little firing.
that is so cool, can you put me on the speaker?oh yeah, sure.
 gimme a break.
hey, copernicus?eddie sherman is here.
oh, great.
 send him in.
you wanted to see me?eddie.
 yes, um, i am so sorry but i'm afraid we're gonna have to promote you.
so, what did you say?well, i called him all the way up to my office, so i had to tell him something important.
 so i promoted him.
what? what did you--copywriter.
he's writing copy?well it can't be any worse than the pointless drivel we normally churn out.
yowza yowza.
 check it out.
 jewish singles night?i expect you both to be there.
i'm not jewish.
well neither am i.
well why are you going?i'm not, i'm running it.
what are you talking about?well lomez, he usually runs it but he's in the everglades.
lomez is jewish?oh yeah yeah yeah.
 orthodox, jerry.
 old school.
 at the knights of columbus?yeah, frank costanza, he's getting me a room at his lodge.
 so jerry, you know i'm really counting on you to come to this.
kramer, you know, i--no, jerry, look i'm cooking all the food myself.
 a tempting schmear of authentic jewish delicacies.
do you like tsimmis?my mentor says the duck is outstanding here.
i'm not really a duck fan, the skin seems sort of human.
oh! look who's here, cynthia!hello, abby.
hello.
 jerry, this is cynthia pearlman, my mentor.
hello.
hi jerry, nice to finally meet you.
well come join us, we could pull up a chair.
great, my boyfriend's just parking the car.
 actually, jerry, youno kidding?kenny bania.
bania?hey, jerry!! how's it going?! you gonna join us for dinner? the duck here's the best.
 the best, jerry.
excuse me, i'm sorry to bother you, i noticed that you have a textbook on tape.
 may i ask where you got that?reading for the blind.
 they can get any book on tape.
i tell ya, i am hooked on these books on tape.
oh, tell me about it.
 these things have ruined me for braille.
reading for the blind?i take an eye test; i flunk it, the next thing you know i am swinging to the sweet sounds of risk management.
so, i finally met the mentor.
what's she like? impressive?oh yeah, she's dating bania.
bania?yeah.
 i had to spend two hours at dinner last night with that specimen.
what did you have?chicken, how could she look up to a person who voluntarily spends time with bania?marsala?piccata, if anything i should be dating a mentor and bania should be setting pins in a bowling alley.
hey, good luck with that.
thank you.
dad.
what are you wearing, an athletic sweat suit?what are you doing here?well, he came by to pick up his check for the banquet hall.
 you know i got a hundred and eighty-three responses? oh, it's gonna be a rager.
kramer, how are you gonna cook jewish delicacies for a hundred and eighty-three people?yeah, you're right.
 that's a lot of pupkitz.
 hey frank, you know anybody who can help me cook?cook? no, i don't know any cooks.
 i don't know anything about cooking!what's the matter with him?my dad was a cook during the korean war.
 something very bad happened, ever since you can't get him near a kitchen.
shell-shocked?oh yeah, but that has nothing to do with it.
that's good work, guys.
 that aught to do it for today.
wait.
 you didn't ask me about my ideas.
oh, eddie, well it's your first day.
i'm ready.
oh, okay.
 t be dead by sun up.
 sleep tight, mates, in your quilted chambray nightshirts.
what am i gonna do? he is a disaster.
well, if he's doing that bad, maybe he's in line for another promotion.
you know what? you are exactly right.
 that is what i should do, i should promote him.
 i'll give him another office on another floor and he can sit there with his nice title and his bayonet and stop freakin me out.
nothing at all.
well george, your vision is quite impaired.
 if you'll just sign this insurance form, here's a pen.
you're a very handsome man, by the way.
what the hell is going on here?what are you doing?i got three kitchens going.
 i got brisket going at newman's, i got kugel working at mrs.
 zamfino's, this is kreplach.
 here, try some of this.
no, i don't want to.
eat, eat! you're skin and bones.
hah?oh, this is awful.
jerry, it's kreplach.
 it's an acquired taste, yeah.
did you follow the recipe?the recipe was for four to six people; i had to multiply for a hundred and eighty-three people.
 i guess i got confused.
it tastes like dirt.
well i also dropped it on the way over.
 look i'm in trouble, i got no skills.
 i can't peel, i can't chop, i can't grate.
 i can't mince! i got no sense of flavor, obviously.
 you know, i gotta talk to frank.
kramer, you can't talk to frank.
no i gotta talk to him, i know that he can help me, jerry.
i think there's a dead animal in the elevator.
my stuffed cabbage!so, great dinner last night.
yeah, it was alright.
i told cynthia we'd double with her and bania saturday and then catch his act.
no.
 no, no way, no bania.
what?have you seen his act? he's got a twelve-minute bit about ovaltine.
 he's a punk, a patsy, a hack.
cynthia would not date a hack.
would.
 does.
 is.
before we get started, i am happy to tell you that eddie sherman is no longer writing for this catalog.
he's upstairs, i made him director of corporate development.
you promoted him?well, no, i would hardly--i bust my hump ever day.
relax--as far as i'm concerned, you and your deranged prot&eacute;g&eacute; can run the catalog by yourselves! i quit!well, hey? hey.
 hey!!chapter one.
 in order to manage risk we must first understand risk.
 how do you spot risk? how do you avoid risk and what makes it so risky?this guy sounds just like me.
to understand risk, we must first define risk.
this is horrible.
risk is defined as-- stop it! stop it!c'mon frank, i need you.
 i mean the war was fifty years ago.
in my mind, there's a war still going on.
alright, what happened, frank? what is it that you can't get over?inchon, korea, .
 i was the best cook uncle sam ever saw, slinging hash for the fighting rd.
 as we marched north, our supply lines were getting thin.
 one day a couple of gis found a crate, inside were six hundred pounds of prime texas steer.
 at least it once was prime.
 the use date was three weeks past, but i was arrogant, i was brash, i thought if i used just the right spices, cooked it long enough what happened?i went too far.
 i over seasoned it.
 men were keeling over all around me.
 i can still hear the retching, the screaming.
 i sent sixteen of my own men to the latrines that night.
 they were just boys.
frank, you were a boy too.
 and it was war.
 it was a crazy time for everyone.
tell that to bobby colby.
 all that kid wanted to do was go home.
 well he went home alright, with a crater in his colon the size of a cutlet.
 had to sit him on a cork the eighteen-hour flight home!frank, now listen to me.
 two hundred jewish singles need you.
 this is your chance to make it all right again.
no.
 no, i'll never cook again! never! now get out of my house!! get out.
 go.
so you saw bania's act?he got two minutes into that ovaltine thing and i just couldn't take it anymore.
i told you, it's like getting beaten with a bag of oranges.
why is he so obsessed with ovaltine?he just thinks that anything that dissolves in milk is funny.
anyway, cynthia and i got into this big argument afterwards and i think it's over.
no more mentor?looks that way.
well at least you and i are okay again.
actually i was kind of thinking that maybe we shouldn't see each other for a while.
why?well i'm feeling a little disoriented.
 it's just weird for me not to have an advisor.
i can tell you what to do.
no, it's more than that.
i can tell you what to think.
i need someone i can trust.
oh.
i got a big problem here, jerry.
 the tapes are worthless.
kind of in the middle of something here, george.
george?i gotta run anyway.
i can't believe you feel you really need a mentor.
i just need someone who can give me some kind of direction.
 i'll see ya.
yeah, see ya.
what's your problem.
no problem.
hey, i think i got something here.
 the bengalese galoshes.
oh.
 re kicking in a skull.
you know, eddie, that might be just a tad harsh for womenswear.
well, i'm not married to it.
dewy meadow.
here's your omelet.
it's dry.
that's the way i always make it.
well it sucks.
what did you say?your meatloaf is mushy, your salmon croquettes are oily and your eggplant parmesan is a disgrace to this house!well that's too bad, because i'm the only one who cooks around here!not any more! gimme that spatula! i'm back, baby!and you're sure with your busy schedule you'd have time to take on a prot&eacute;g&eacute;?i'll make time, because abby, i was once like you; wide-eyed, naive, i didn't know the first thing about a subject as fundamental as risk management.
i'm not familiar with that, you'll have to explain it to me.
i'll tell you what, why don't you read this book and let's just see if you can explain it to me.
alright.
okay.
hey jerry.
oh, hey bania.
didja hear what happened? the mentor saw my act.
 she dumped me.
oh, that's too bad.
maybe she's right.
 maybe i am a complete hack.
 i'm the absolute worst.
 the worst, jerry.
well it's just that you got so many things with the milk.
 you got that bosco bit then you got your nestl&eacute;'s quik bit, by the time you get to ovaltine--you think you can give me a hand with my material?hey.
you still need a cook?oh yeah, come on in, frank.
ya got t-fal?keflon.
no! follow me.
 s gold, jerry! gold!let's just replace hail of shrapnel and scar tissue with string of pearls and raspberry scones'.
george costanza is your mentor?yeah, he's great! i am learning so much.
about what? how to calculate five percent of a restaurant check?you know what your problem is? you just have no respect for the mentor/mentor relationship.
as a matter of fact, i happen to have a prot&eacute;g&eacute; of my own.
who?a mister kenneth bania.
bania?i'm gonna mentor this kid to the top.
huh, well, i don't think i want to date a mentor whose prot&eacute;g&eacute; is a hack.
well, i don't think i want to date a prot&eacute;g&eacute; whose mentor is a costanza.
i don't know how we did it, but there's some kind of chemistry between us, we turned out one hell of a catalog.
cool.
hey ed, let me ask you something.
 what's with the fatigues and all the psychotic imagery? huh?i don't want to talk about it.
come on, don't be a baby.
i went out on a couple of dates with this woman, i thought she really liked me, and then things kind of cooled off.
that's it?well it's tough meeting somebody you like, let alone somebody jewish.
mm.
 this food is fantastic.
have you tried the hamentashen?i can't get off the kishkas.
hey jerry!bania?i just stopped by to thank you.
 that risk management stuff you wrote for me? it's killer!risk management?aw, it's gold, jerry! gold! i got all these corporate gigs and even cynthia took me back.
so you went from the mailroom to the director of corporate development in two days?that's right.
how much are they paying you? i'll double it.
ya know these latkes are going like hotcakes.
where's the powdered sugar?you know frank, you could take a break.
no breaks.
 i fell reborn, i'm like a phoenix rising from arizona.
you're quitting?i can't churn out that pointless drivel any more.
well, you can't quit, you're all i've got.
 i need you!our next speaker is george costanza on the subject of risk management.
ovaltine.
 have you ever had this stuff? why is it called ovaltine?they should call it round tine.
 you know what i'm talking about.
 s my prot&eacute;g&eacute;.
noooo!!! don't eat it! no good!'hey, have you seen all these new commercials for indigestion drugs? pepcid ac, tagemat hb.
ugh, the whole country's sick to their stomach.
now, you know you're supposed to take these things before you get sick?what is this, a bit'?no.
'cos i'm not in the mood.
we're just talking.
 is this not the greatest marketing ploy ever? if you feel good, you're supposed to take one!yeah, i know that tone.
 this is a bit.
they've opened up a whole new market.
 medication for the well.
 alright, are you done with your little amusement? then you admit it was amusing?it was okay, but move the medication for the well to the front, and hit the word good harder.
 great.
 thanks.
so, your firm designed all the furniture in here?we manufacture it.
 the original designs are by karl farbman.
 oh, farbman.
you know farbman?mm, love farbman.
most people go their whole lives without sitting in a farbman.
wuh, if you call that living.
 ahaha.
wouldn't it be great if farbman designed shoes?brett? don't you think that would be great?brett? after the song, babe.
huh?the song.
so when do i meet this jerk?he's not a jerk, jer.
 he only works with karl farbman.
who? i dunno, some designer.
 anyway, brett is so generous, and sensitive.
 last night he was moved just listening to a song.
what song?desperado.
desperado?uh huh.
and you're still dating him? i tell you who sounds a little desperado.
 see that salesman, twirling that umbrella.
uh huh.
i invented that.
that, had to be invented?when i started out as a comedian, i sold umbrellas.
 it was my idea to twirl it, to attract customers.
 t we ask him about it?elaine.
excuse me.
 hey, how you doing.
 uhm, my, uh, friend here says that he invented that little twirl you're doing.
elaine, please, it was a long time ago.
 the man doesn't want a history lesson.
teddy padillac came up with this twirl.
 ohh.
i know teddy padillac.
 i worked with him on forty-eighth and sixth.
yeah, that's where he come up with it.
in his dreams.
alright, can we go? ll disorient the customers.
it's the twirling that dazzles the eye.
 em for free in the coffee shop in the metal cans.
 those belong to people.
hey.
 well.
 this was downstairs for you.
 ker-ching.
 em.
what checks?oh, you didn't hear? jerry's a big star in japan.
i don't know why.
 there's a one-second clip of me in the opening credits of some japanese comedy show.
yeah, the super terrific happy hour.
 m starting to get all these royalty checks.
look at all of those! you're rich!naw.
 each one is for like twelve cents.
 it's barely worth the pain in my hand to sign em.
hey, jerry, you need any new furniture?why? s a farbman.
he's giving you furniture? who is this guy?ah, who are any of her losers? re on that list.
alright, i gotta go home and open up with the house for the carpet cleaners.
 you know they're doing my whole place for twenty-five dollars.
oh, no, no, no.
 not the sunshine carpet cleaners?yeah, you heard of em?they're a crazy religious cult.
 the carpet cleaning is just a means for them to get into your apartment.
so? for a twenty-five dollar cleaning, i can listen to some pointless blather.
i do it, i'm not even getting the cleaning.
signed over a hundred checks this morning.
hello, twelve dollars.
excuse me.
 would you take picture please? oh, yeah, sure.
i'm gonna ask this guy something.
 t you? hey, are you folks from japan.
hai.
yes.
 you recognise that mug?that's the funny face that greets you at the beginning of the super terrific happy hour.
ahh, super terrific happy ah, yeah.
 yeah, that's him.
what is he doing?well, i don't know.
 but something super terrific, i'm sure.
he's funny.
oh yeah, very funny.
 and it wouldn't be impolite to laugh at his antics.
yeah.
 yeah, that's it.
 because everybody laughs at jerry here in america.
 re pretty much finished.
there's just one more thing.
 here it comes.
 you forgot to sign your check.
 t anything else? no.
 s it?unless you need a receipt.
 m searching for answers, anywhere.
 good luck with that.
hey.
what's with the claw?super terrific carpal tunnel syndrome.
 s no sign of kramer.
oh, brett.
 this is jerry.
hi.
that's very funny.
 elaine told me you were some kinda comedian.
ah, i'm one kind.
have you seen the chest of drawers that brett gave to kramer?the fleckman.
farbman.
right.
you gotta see em.
 beautiful.
 m sure they are.
i'd be happy to get you some if that's what you're driving at.
no.
 i'm fine, thank you.
don't worry.
 it's no charge to you.
looks like what you really need is a decent desk for writing your skits.
 t write skits.
 ll fax you over my catalogue.
mmm.
 brett, uhm, jerry doesn't have a fax machine.
 oops.
well, i'm sure things'll pick up for you soon.
 elaine, maybe we should get going.
oh.
 jerry, you wanna join us?oh, where you going? the coffee shop? coffee shop? i think we can do a little better than that.
 you look like you could use a solid meal at a real restaurant.
you look like you could use a  jerry.
 three hundred dollars.
 hey, mr oh, how much would these run you in tokyo? ahh, about, uh, thirty thousand yen.
 thirty thousand?! these are practically free.
giddyup.
 you're a cowboy now.
i feel terrible about your friend jerry.
 he's upset that i gave kramer that chest of drawers, isn't he?why? why d'you think he's upset?how could he not be? living in that cramped little apartment.
 and outdated furniture, so terribly un-karl farbman-like.
 re not gonna talk about karl farbman all night, are we? i hope not.
 brett? everything alright? brett! what is it? is there someone outside?elaine, the song.
 s hanging on the fender elaine, could you just not talk for one minute? sorry.
no spiel? not a peep.
 they just cleaned the carpets and left.
 call themselves a cult!so you're angry that this bizarre carpet cabal made no attempt to abduct you?they could've at least tried!you know, maybe they thought you looked too smart to be brainwashed?please.
too dumb? well! mack is back in town! nice duds.
konichi-wa.
 yeah, it's a gift from my japanese friends.
 re going dancing at the rainbow room.
sounds like you're throwing a lot of their money around.
well, jerry, they're japanese.
 i mean, that tv you watch, that sushi you eat, i mean, even that kimono you wear.
 where to you think all that money goes, hmm?that's right.
how'd you hook up with these guys?well, they recognised jerry from the super terrific happy hour.
 see now, you should be doing your own show in japan.
 now, they get you.
what kind of show am i gonna do in japan? d you do with that pilot you did.
 yeah, the pilot!that's right, i think that had marvellous production values.
 and, you know, i do a lotta business with japanese tv.
 they broadcast a lot of american baseball.
 they got an office here in new york!forget it! the pilot was awful.
 it failed.
 it failed here! because, here, every time you turn on a tv, all you see is four morons sitting round an apartment, whining about their dates!george is right, jerry.
 see, here, you're just another apple, but in japan, you're an exotic fruit.
 like an orange.
 which is rare there.
you had a date? you went out with my butler?! who said you could go out with my butler?!well, why do i need your permission?because he's my butler.
 you think?ah.
 you see, the man who was the butler, uh, had gotten into a car accident with jerry, and because he didn't have any insurance, the judge decreed that the man become jerry's butler.
no.
 that's what makes it such a humorous situation.
are you following any of this?i'm still trying to figure out why they gave us a bag of oranges.
oh, i, uh, i disagree.
 you've, uh, you've been living in america too long.
 s like to have no oranges.
again with the oranges sorry.
 my hand is numb.
 ah, i think i'm on the outs with brett.
 i got shushed during desperado.
 what does he listen to? the all desperado station?he is just in his own world when he hears that song.
 it's like, i'm sitting there in the car, and he's out riding fences.
you know, what you need is a song you can share.
yes.
 you're right.
 we need to find our song.
okay.
 so, is there any song that you feel very strongly about? i like witchy woman.
witchy woman?you know, witchy woman.
 .
 ahh.
 wit-chay woman.
 hey, man.
hey.
hey.
 how was the rainbow room?uh, well, we, uh, we had to leave early.
 there was a, uh, slight monetary discrepancy regarding the bill.
ah.
uh, listen, uh, can i borrow some pillows?what for?yeah, well, uh, my japanese friends're gonna stay with me.
i thought they all had suites at the plaza?well, i'm sorry, jerry, we all don't have checks rolling in like you do.
well, what about all that money from the kimonos i wear?well, they ran out of it.
 manhattan can be quite pricey.
 even with fifty thousand yen.
fifty thousand yen? isn't that only a few hundred dollars?evidently.
 oh, by the way, tell brett that his chest of drawers are a big hit.
 my guests are very comfortable in them.
in them?!you have them sleeping in drawers?!jerry, have you ever seen the business hotels in tokyo? they sleep in tiny stacked cubicles all the time.
 they feel right at home.
this has international incident written all over it.
 oh yeah, yeah.
goodnight, mr tanaka.
goodnight.
goodnight, mr oh.
 goodnight.
goodnight, mr yamaguchi.
 what is this?rice crispies.
 east meets west, jerry.
ah.
 it's a lovely little bureau and breakfast you're running.
 well, i'm off to the bank.
 sayonara.
 konichi-wa.
elaine, i shh-shh! you think?what are you doing? that's witchy woman.
 that could be our song.
witchy woman is okay for you, but i've already got a song.
oh.
 oh, then how about desperado? we can share it.
 s mine.
here you go.
 snap, crackle and pop.
 good morning, mr oh.
 i gotta make up the drawer.
ach, come back in half hour.
 ll take one.
well, look who's back!teddy! s the guy says he invented the twirl.
 jerry seinfeld!teddy padillac.
 long time, no see.
 ve you got in a push-button mini.
 same thing we had, when you bailed on us, fifteen years ago.
bailed? c'mon, you knew i wanted to be a comedian.
 besides, we had some good time.
 remember tropical storm renee? oh, yeah, sure.
 but where were you during the poncho craze of eighty-four? i almost lost my house.
umbrella, buddy?now we got that damn urban sombrero to contend with.
 re taking credit for the twirl.
aw, it was so many years ago.
 who cares? i care.
 clicky cares.
so, could i could i just buy an umbrella? yeah, sure.
 two hundred dollars.
 what?! special price, for a real foul-weather friend.
hey, george.
 how about that tour, huh? these guys are ready to run the bases.
 s raining.
 they got the tarp on the field.
 re a little light on the yen.
well, i, i got the pilot of the jerry show.
 hey, how would you guys like to watch super terrific happy star jerry seinfeld?but, we are also very hungry.
oh, yeah, yeah.
 ll get you some food.
 hey, peanuts!george.
 george.
 uh, george, uh, did you call some carpet cleaners?are they here?they're in my office, right now.
 t said anything to you, have they?about what? what kind of a snobby, stuck-up, cult is this?! hey jerry!oh, hi brett.
haven't you ever heard of an umbrella?ah, i didn't have enough money.
i'm sure things'll pick up for you.
no, it's not that, it's the oh no, look at the checks! hours of hard work ruined!ah, don't worry, i can spot you the twelve cents?no, it's not the money.
 it's my hand.
 it's crippled from writing and writing.
nothing's working for you, is is? not at the moment, brett.
i'd give you a ride, but i got karl farbman here.
 thanks for stopping!brett said you ran away from him, as if he were the boogetyman.
boogeyman.
boogey?i'm quite sure.
 anyway, any luck getting together on a song?no.
 he blew out my witchy woman, and he won't share desperado.
 hey, what d'you think of oye como va? eehh.
 m running outta guys here in this city, jer!hey.
 s japanese friends.
 they loved it!really? they bought the butler character? m bringing it back to nbc.
nbc? nakahama broadcast corporation.
ah.
 but they told us we must go now.
but now i have my own market research.
 actual japanese viewers, that love the show! i'm gonna talk to kramer.
hey, george, do me a favour.
 if they make you an offer, whatever it is.
 just take it!hey, by the way, what'd you think of miss yoshimura?who?the network executive.
 you think she liked me?heyy! look who's here.
 come on, i want you to come in here.
come on in, fat boy!get a good night's sleep, alright fellas.
 big day tomorrow! last one.
 uugh! ahh.
there you are.
uh.
 s the boys?uh, no, i let em sleep in.
i'm on my way to cash in their plane tickets for them.
 they need a little food money.
 but that meeting starts in ten minutes!no, well, i set their alarm.
 but they did have a lot of sake in that hot-tub.
 m calling jerry.
yeah? t have a focus group to sell the pilot to japanese tv! uncle leo? jerry!!alright, alright.
 i'll wake em up.
 hmm, testy.
hello?mr jerry! open the drawer, please!it's stuck.
 oww! the steam from the hot-tub musta warped the wood.
pull harder.
i'm trying.
 i can't get a grip.
 my hand's had kind of a bad week.
very funny, but no joking, please.
 ll get you out.
brett, believe me.
 you don't have to do this.
elaine, i know he'll appreciate this.
 granted, it's not as nice as kramer's cabinet, but it's start.
uh, i promise you, jerry is not jealous of kramer's cabinet.
 move to the back of the drawers!jerry?jerry.
 not the farbman!! t let us out of the drawers.
 then he came at me with an axe.
we suspect his friend here is also unbalanced.
so, uh, gentlemen, do we have a deal? could we have a couple of those oranges? we are very hungry and have survived many hardships.
 excuse me.
 did you hire the sunshine carpet cleaners?mr wilhelm? wha what're you doing here?i'm here to clean the carpets.
 most of the world is carpeted.
 and, one day, we will do the cleaning.
 t have?! ve been abducted! please, mr wilhelm, you gotta listen to me!wilhelm? my name is tanya.
with these two idiots i don't know how the yankees won the world series.
 t mean to hit you in the head with an axe.
 at least it was just the handle!it was a beautiful cabinet.
 what am i gonna tell i can't remember his name!fleckman?calm down brett, okay.
 you could have a concussion.
 calm down.
  his pulse is fine.
hmm.
 looks like a minor concussion.
 let me see what i can do to relieve the swelling.
doctor? doctor? doctor? re losing him!dollar eighty-nine.
 why is this a dollar eighty-nine? why is there no haggling in this country?</font>i guess we like to think we've progressed beyond a knife fight for a citrus drink.
</font>not me.
 everything should be negotiable.
 </font>restaurants too?</font>absolutely.
 you're telling me there's no room to move on pasta.
 all starches are a scam.
</font>yea especially ziti, with that big hole.
 </font>ahh, excuse me, how much is this?</font>dollar nineteen.
</font>i'll give you a quarter.
</font>get the hell out of here.
</font>tell him forty and no fork.
</font>thirty.
</font>that's it you leave and never come back!</font>how about we leave and, come back in a week?</font>deal! </font>alright see? we got something there.
</font>awe check it out.
</font>wow.
 kenny rogers roasters.
 finally open.
 hey, look at the size of that neon chicken on the roof.
</font>roger's can't sell chicken around here, we got chicken places on every block.
</font>he is the gambler.
</font>well, i gotta meet newman at the pet store.
 helping him pick out a turtle.
</font>try and stay calm.
</font>yea, yea.
</font>hey jerry.
</font>seth! wow what has it been like five years?</font>at least.
</font>you wanna grab lunch?</font>ah, i'm actually headed back to the office.
</font>seth, it's me.
 what's more important than catching up with an old college buddy?</font>well i am, supposed to be in this meeting.
</font>blow it off.
 remember poli sci? how many of those did we go to?</font>alright, alright.
</font>hey whatever happened to moochie?</font>he's dead.
</font>is that right?</font>you know i still don't know how you can call lunch with me a business expense.
</font>what do you think of the catalog?</font>it stinks.
</font>there, we just talked business.
</font>we do have the down comforter and the cookware you liked.
</font>oh great, put it all on the peterman account with the other stuff.
</font>you know what else we have that you might like?</font>i'll take it.
</font>hey, you like?</font>i think it looks very nice on you.
</font>really? </font>hmm.
</font>elaine, huh peterman account?</font>why not? and some hair for my little friend here.
</font>so how's your stand up career?</font>good, as a matter of fact.
 i almost had my own show in japan.
</font>do you speak japanese?</font>no</font>so you would have done it in japan, but in english.
</font>i don't know.
 so what's this job of yours?</font>big investment firm.
 mmmm.
</font>we just got the citibank account.
 in fact today was our first big meeting with them.
</font>the, the meeting you blew off?</font>yea.
</font>wasn't that kind of important?</font>yea.
</font> and i brought i whole new set of cookware, and a water pik.
</font>you use a water pik?</font>sure.
 water pik, floss, plax, brush, listerine.
</font>so you go in the bathroom at eleven your in bed by what, two?</font>well, at the latest.
 oh hang on a second, i gotta another call.
 </font>hello?</font>good day ms.
 benes.
 it&rsquo;s roger ipswitch.
</font>oh hey! how things doing in accounting?</font>ms.
 benes, i notice you&rsquo;ve been charging quite a bit of merchandise on the peterman account.
</font>well, i am the president.
</font>yes, and we're all very impressed.
 never the less, the expense account is for business purposes only.
</font>well, well isn't the president allowed to do anything that they want?</font>no.
 i'll be in your office first thing tomorrow.
 good day.
 </font>good day.
 </font>hello.
 anybody?</font>hey.
</font>hey.
 why didn't cha get the big one?</font>this hat just bottles in the heat, i -i don't even need a coat! it's unbelievable!</font>i don't believe it.
</font>ah, and i got a date with the sales woman.
 she's got a little marisa tomei thing going on.
</font>ahh, too bad you got a little, george costanza thing going on.
</font>i'm going out with her tomorrow, she said she had some errands to run.
</font>that's a date?</font>what's the difference? you know they way i work.
 i'm like a commercial jingle.
 first it's a little irritating, then you hear it a few times, you&rsquo;re hummin&rsquo; it in the shower, by the third date it's .
</font>how do you make sure your gonna get to the third date?</font>if there's any doubt, i do a leave-behind.
 keys, gloves, scarf -- i go back to her place to pick it up date number two.
</font>that is so old.
 why don't you show up at her door in a wood horse?</font> what the? </font>what's going on in there?</font>what?</font>that light!</font>oh the red.
 yeah, it&rsquo;s the chicken roaster sign.
 you know, its right across from my window.
</font>can't you shut the shades?</font>they are shut.
 oh by the way, your friend seth, he stopped by.
</font>oh yeah? what'd he have to say?</font>yeah, he was fired.
</font>well, as you can see the comforter i expensed is actually the aristotle goose down tunic.
 what do you think?</font>another bulls eye.
</font>hmm.
 well mr.
 ipswitch since everyone of my expenses was obviously for a legitimate business purpose.
</font>i just need to see the sable hat you purchased yesterday.
</font>the hat? why do you need to see the hat?</font>it costs eight-thousand dollars.
</font>what? </font>ohh.
 </font>seth, if you knew the meeting was so important why did you go the lunch with me?</font>we're old college buddies.
</font>i only knew you through moochie.
</font>hey jerry don't worry about it all right.
 the important thing is, is we got to catch up.
 mind if i ah, grab the want ads?</font>um, actually i haven't read tank mcnamara yet.
 </font>how's life on the red planet? </font>its killing me, i can't eat, i can't sleep.
 all i can see is that giant red sun in the shape of a chicken.
 </font>well, did you go down to the kenny rogers and complain?</font>ah, they gave me the heave ho.
 you know, i don't think that kenny rogers has any idea what's going on down there.
</font>what are you doing?</font>getting some cereal</font>that, that's tomato juice.
</font>that looked like milk to me! jerry my rods and cones are all screwed up! alright, that's it.
 i gotta move in with you jerry.
</font>i don't know kramer, ahh, my concern is that .
</font> living together after a while we we might start to get on each others nerves a little.
</font>alright listen to me, i got a great idea.
 now, you're a heavy sleeper, right? why don't we just switch apartments?</font>or i could sleep in the park? you could knock these walls down, make it an eight room luxury suite.
</font>jerry these are load bearing walls, they're not gonna come down!</font>yea, that's no good.
</font>i may have to drive that place out of business.
</font>how you gonna do that?</font>like we did in the sixties, takin in to the streets.
</font>thanks george, but i got it from here.
</font>oh no i'm in already come on.
</font>so eh, you eh, wanna get together tomorrow?</font>no, i'm gonna be pretty busy.
</font>what about this weekend?</font>i'm gonna be busy for a while.
</font>ok, ah see ya!</font>hey, you forgot your keys.
</font>oh, those, those aren't my keys.
</font>well they're not mine.
</font>oh.
 ha.
 they are my keys, how weird.
 </font>goodbye george.
</font>yea bye.
</font>george, bye! hello? you are not going to believe the date i just had.
</font> </font>what do you mean you don't have the hat?</font>i left it at heather's.
 are these alive? </font>no dead! george, i need that russian hat back!</font>alright, alright, i'll call heather, you'll get your hat back, i will get a second date.
 ha ha ha.
 now watch the magic.
</font>dial - merlin.
</font>hello?</font> s george costanza.
</font>oy!</font>ah, listen ah, i don't mean to bother you but ah, silly me, i- i think i may have left my hat in your apartment.
 so ah, i thought i'd just come by later and pick it up.
</font>you didn't leave a hat here.
</font>i- i'm pretty sure i left it eh, behind the cushion of the chair accidentally.
</font>no hat.
 george i gotta go.
</font>ah, a, you know what, maybe i'll just come umm, y&rsquo;ummm </font>seth?</font>jerry hi! what do you think?</font>i think your taking the trash out for this chicken place, but that couldn't be.
</font>yeah, i'm the new manager</font>but your were an executive, this is fast food.
</font>not fast food, good food quickly.
 hey, next time lunch&rsquo;ll be on me, huh jer.
</font>hey, stay away from the chicken.
 bad, bad chicken, mess you up.
</font>that's not going to be good for business.
</font>that's not going to be good for anybody.
</font>jerry i&rsquo;m so glad we switched apartments.
 it was a perfect solution.
</font>look kramer, i-i-if i'm gonna live over there, y-y-you gotta take some of this stuff out.
 i mean this thing is really freaking me out .
 i feel like its gonna come to life in the middle of the night and kill me.
</font>what, mr.
 marbles? he's harmless.
</font>and one other thing, i don't want newman using my </font>oh no.
</font>nice place you got here kramer </font>yeah.
</font> a man can really get some thinking done.
 </font>well don't get too comfortable.
 as soon as seth gets a real job you two are gong back in that chicken supernova.
</font>what is that roger's chicken? oh get that outta here.
</font>i don't know.
 the man makes a pretty strong bird.
</font>well i'm boycotting it.
</font> hm.
</font>what is that, hickory?</font>yea, it's the wood that makes it good.
</font>really?</font>uh-huh.
</font>oh stop it.
 what&rsquo;s the matter with you.
</font>mmmmm.
</font>can i help you?</font>hi, yeah, i'm elaine benes, we met at barney's </font>oh.
</font> i'm a friend of george costanza's.
 </font>hi.
</font>ah, re aware of it or not george had this pathetic little plan to, leave something behind so he could weasel a second date.
</font>really?</font>i know, he- he has a real confidence problem.
</font>well not really </font>george </font>ah </font> anyway i know you told him you didn't have the hat because you didn't want to see him again.
 and, more sympathetic i could not be.
 but, i really do need to have the hat back.
</font>look, i don't know what to tell you, but there's no hat here.
 i mean, maybe the maid took it, i had people over, but </font>well that makes sense.
 </font>well then you wouldn't mind if we took a second look around?</font>be my guest.
</font>good to see you again.
</font>she's bluffing </font>uhhh </font> she's got it stashed away in there somewhere.
</font>this is an absolute disaster.
</font>oh i don't know.
 check this out.
</font>you stole her clock?</font>well done.
 </font>yep, this one for our side!</font> m in the hold of a ship.
 gotta relax.
</font> mr.
- mr.
 marbles?</font>so i told ipswitch i'd have the hat by this afternoon.
 what am i gonna do?</font>you should sleep with him.
</font>hey buddy.
 i'm on no sleep, no sleep!.
 you don't know what it's like in there, all night long things are creaking and cracking.
 and that red light is burning my brain!you look a little stressed.
</font>oh i'm stressed! </font>so kramer what am i supposed to do? if i don't have that fur hat by four o'clock they're gonna take me down like nixon.
</font>you know my friend bob sacamano?</font>i thought he was kramer's friend.
</font>well, he called last night about a.
m.
 and we got to talking, he sells russian hats down at battery park, forty bucks.
</font>forty bucks? are they sable?</font>no, but the difference is negligible.
</font>oh yea, i like this idea.
 </font>alright, lets give it a shot, lets go.
</font>giddee up!</font>it's getting cold, it's getting cold.
</font>that was a close one.
</font>well why do we have to keep this from jerry?</font>because if jerry finds out that i'm hooked on roger's chicken i'm back there with the red menace.
</font>ms.
 benes the hat you charged to the company was sable, this is nutria.
</font>w-w- well, that's a -ah, it&rsquo;s kind of sable.
</font>no, its a kind of rat.
</font>that's a rat hat?</font>and a poorly made one, even by rat hat standards.
 i have no choice but to recommend your prompt termination to the board of directors.
 nothing short of the approval of peterman himself will save you this time.
</font>but, but, he's in the burmese jungle.
</font>and quite mad too from what i hear.
</font>wait a minute, wait a minute.
 can i fire you?</font>no.
</font>so heather called?</font>yeah, but get this, the message said call me if you have the time'.
 heh heh if i have the time, you get it?</font>no, but this is all very exciting.
 </font>she knows that i have her clock.
 i know that she has my hat.
 i think she's getting ready to make an exchange.
</font>well there is the possibility that you've gone right out of your mind.
</font>i've looked at that, seems unlikely.
</font>i'd look again.
 so ah, how come you didn't call jerry about all this?</font>jerry, i can't talk to jerry anymore.
 ever since he moved into that apartment he's too much like you.
</font>hmm.
 that's a shame.
</font>seth, you're the manager, can't you turn off that sign?</font>jerry i lied.
 i'm just an assistant manager.
</font> number sixty seven, family feast.
</font>number , right here, right here!</font>hello newman.
</font>hello jerry.
</font>and don't forget your steamed broccoli.
</font>hold it.
 broccoli? newman, you wouldn't eat broccoli if it was deep fried in chocolate sauce.
</font>i love broccoli, it&rsquo;s, good for you.
</font>really? then maybe you'd like to have a piece?</font>gladly.
 </font>vile weed!</font>it's kramer isn't it? i knew it! the greasy door knob the constant licking of the fingers, he's hooked to the chicken isn't he?</font>yes, yes, now please.
 someone, honey mustard.
</font>newman, what took you ah hey, hey </font>expecting newman? that's funny because i just happened upon him down at the kenny roger's roasters.
</font>oh, shh, kenny roger's? whew, boy, i hate that place.
</font>he was buying quite a load of chicken, almost for two people </font>oh</font> as long as one of them is not him.
</font> oh hey, you know elaine, ah she stopped by </font>uh-ha.
</font> yeah dropped off that bob sacamano hat.
 oh she's ah, upset at him, oh yes siree.
 yeah well thanks for stopping by.
</font>i sure do miss my apartment.
 maybe i'll switch back.
</font>oh you don't want to think about that no sir.
 otherwise i'd have no choice but to put that banner back up and eh, he-he-hwow, run that roger's right out of town.
</font>i don't think you will.
 as a matter of fact i'll save you the trouble.
 i'll do it myself.
</font>yeah, yeah go ahead yeah, put the banner up doesn't matter to me.
</font>all right.
 </font>no jerry! i - i need that chicken, i gotta have that chicken.
 now you leave those roasters alone.
 kenny never hurt anybody.
</font>you got a little problem.
</font>oh i got a big problem jerry!</font>here, kneel here.
</font>what?</font>kneel.
</font>kneel?</font>elaine.
</font>mr.
 peterman.
</font>jaba! bagama ma jaba.
 olymala hungui.
 </font>you speak burmese?</font>no elaine, that was gibberish.
 </font>ah.
</font>so did you have any trouble finding the place?</font>no, you're the only, white poet warlord in the neighborhood.
 </font>are you an assassin?</font>i - i work for your mail order catalog.
</font>you're an errand girl, sent by grocery clerks, to collect a bill.
</font>well actually um, i do have a bill here.
 if you could just sign, this expense form, i think i could still make the last fan boat out of here.
</font>i'd be happy to elaine but i will have to see this hat.
</font>right </font>so how do you want to do this?</font>alright george, i'll be honest.
 the first time we went out, i found you very irritating.
 but after seeing you a couple of times, you sorta got stuck in my head, </font>so you - you really don't have my hat?</font>what?</font>uh, le - let's go do, something.
</font>what's in the bag?</font>oh that's eh, that's a sandwich.
</font> ah damn salami.
</font> my clock, you stole it!</font>that damn delicatessen that - that is last time they screw up one of my orders.
</font>hey seth.
 man it is coming down hard out there.
</font>oh, gross.
 that's not gonna be good for business.
</font>that's not gonna be good for anybody.
</font> kenny? kenny?</font> kenny .
 kenny .
 kenny</font>home at last.
 ahhhh.
 </font>is someone there? </font>mr.
 marbles?</font>this the urban sombrero, i put it on the last catalog cover.
</font>the horror the horror.
</font>say you, me, and kramer are, uh, flying over the andes.
why are we flyin over the andes?we got a soccer game in chile.
 anyway, the plane crashes.
 who are you gonna eat to survive?kramer.
so fast? what about me?no.
kramer's so stringy.
 i'm plump, juicy.
kramer's got more muscle, higher protein content.
 it's better for you.
well i would eat you.
that's very nice, i guess.
i still don't see why you wouldn't eat me.
 i'm your best friend.
look, if other people are having some, i'll try you.
thank you.
can i have a piece of that?no.
george, i can't have sex.
with me or in general?i went to the doctor today.
 i have mono.
nucleosis.
oh i hope it's not a problem for you.
no, no, pff how long is this not gonna be a problem for me?six weeks?yeah, six weeks.
well, so what? you've gone six weeks before.
i can do six weeks standin on my head.
 i'm a sexual camel.
 that's not the point.
 at least there was the possibility.
well, so, are you gonna break up with her?i don't know.
 i don't wanna be one of those guys.
what guys?like us.
 yeah.
so it's just mono.
mono? huh, well, if anyone needs any medical advise, elaine met a doctor.
 and he's unattached.
i thought the whole dream of dating a doctor was debunked.
no, it's not debunked, it's totally bunk.
isn't bunk bad? like, that's a lot of bunk.
no something is bunk and then you debunk it.
what?huh?i think.
 look it, i'm dating a doctor and i like it.
 let's just move on.
 hello?jerry.
oh hi, katie.
listen, something just came up for tuesday at the dayton civic center.
 that's ohio, jerry.
i've heard of ohio, katie.
 but tuesday's no good.
 i'm doin career day at my old junior high.
okay, jerry.
 that's fine.
 you're the boss.
 katie works for jerry.
yes, all right, katie.
sorry for the late notice.
yes, bye.
you're the-- they asked you to do career day?yeah, it's no big deal.
oh with all due respect, i went there too, and i work for a team that just won the world series.
and you were integral.
jerry, it was so nice of you to come down here.
i'm on next, right?well, unfortunately, mr.
 o'meary from the bronx zoo the guy with the lizard.
yes.
 well, he started feedin it crickets, and the children just love him.
 and we're outta time.
so can you come back tomorrow?i'm getting bumped? you're bumping me from career day?so do most doctors like er or do you guys just think it's fake?i couldn't tell you.
 you know, i'm not really a doctor.
oh, yeah.
 and i'm not really attracted to you.
well, i'm serious, elaine.
 i went to medical school, but i still have to pass my licensing exam.
when do you take this exam?i've taken it.
 three times.
 i almost passed the last one.
well, you're basically a doctor.
 right? i mean, people do call you doctor.
well, um well, can i introduce you as doctor?yeah.
all right, that's all i wanted to know.
mono.
 it was fantastic, jerry.
 we wound up talking all night.
so you're enjoying the not enjoying.
you know, just by conversing, you can really learn a lot about a person.
i'm finding that out.
 hey, buddy.
 how was career day?ah, i didn't get on.
 the lizard guy went long.
you got bumped from career day?it was a mix-up, i'm sure.
they're trying to screw with your head.
now why would a junior high school want to screw with my head?why does radio shack ask for your phone number when you buy batteries? i don't know.
hey, hey.
 kramer, what are you doing? you can't smoke in here.
no, come on.
 take it outside.
come on, larry.
 you know me.
it bothers people, and it's against the law.
you can make all the laws you want, he's still gonna bother people.
what, did they kick you out too?yeah, they kicked us all out.
thanks so much for coming back, jerry.
 care for a graham cracker?no, let's just do it.
 what? what is going on? what is that about?fire drill.
 sorry.
 single file everyone!but i was promised this slot.
single file, jerry.
 fire drill, can you believe that?what is pericles?pericles is correct.
like fire in a school is such a big deal.
 hey, you got any matches?middle drawer.
who is sir arthur conan doyle?we were looking for who is sir arthur conan doyle.
'thanks.
 hello?jerry.
oh hi, katie.
i heard what happened to the junior high.
 they can't bump you like that.
 that is so unprofessional.
oh relax, katie.
 it's not a problem.
what is borax?yes, you're right.
they bump you in junior high, the next thing you know you're being bumped in high schools, colleges, trade schools.
 before you know it, letterman's not returning your calls.
 ashtrays?no, i don't have any ashtrays.
ooh, cereal bowls.
jerry, now don't freak out, i'll take care of it.
no, katie, don't-- all right, thanks.
 what is tungsten or wolfram?we were looking for what is tungsten, or wolfram'.
is this a repeat?no, no, no.
 just lately, i've been thinking a lot clearer.
 like this afternoon, i really enjoyed watching a documentary with louise.
louise! that's what's doin it.
 you're no longer pre-occupied with sex, so your mind is able to focus.
you think?yeah.
 i mean, let's say this is your brain.
 oh my god.
 i just remembered where i left my retainer in second grade.
 i'll see ya.
 need some more matches.
what is goin on in there?i met some people smoking on the street, so i invited them up to my apartment to smoke.
why?well somebody had to.
 you know, just because a person's a smoker, that doesn't mean he's not a human being.
it doesn't?well you can confine them, you can punish them, you can cram them into the corner, but they're not going away, jerry.
all right.
yeah.
so when they're handing you those cadavers, do you get to choose whether it's a man or a woman?i dunno.
 dead bodies really gross me out.
 oh my god.
what's wrong?it's sue ellen mischke, this old braless friend i hate.
 elaine? hi.
oh hi, sue ellen.
oh rick, this is an old, old, friend of mine, elaine benes.
 rick is a periodontist.
 he does giuliani's gums.
well, this is my boyfriend, doctor ben gelfen.
well, i'm an intern.
hey, stop kidding me.
 he's a doctor.
 he's a very good doctor.
carlitto's just passed out.
 can anyone help?well, there's a doctor right here.
no there's not.
can't you at least tell him what to do?like what?shouldn't he elevate his legs?right.
 elevate your legs!i hope carlitto feels better.
 ben really wishes he could've helped.
i thought he was a doctor.
oh he is.
 kind of.
 i mean, i call him doctor.
 of course.
 absolute zero!what? what is with all these books?i stopped having sex.
all right, i'll see ya bill.
 all right, i got room for two, but the only thing i have is in the non-filter section.
 hey.
hey.
 wh-what'd you got, a smoker's lounge in there?oh yeah, people really seem to be enjoying themselves.
 you know, they come in once, it's like they're addicted.
 jerry, oh there you are.
 you didn't answer the phone.
i was out.
oh.
 jerry, great news.
 i got you an assembly.
an assembly?two hours in front of the entire junior high, grades six through eight.
 that's six grade, seventh grade--i understand.
 but what am i gonna talk about for two hours?and, it is already in the school paper.
 they cancelled rick james.
superfreak?yes.
what is your answer to number ?medobolic acidosis.
no! hypocalimia, not medibolic acidosis.
 duh!man, i'm never gonna pass this thing.
oh yes you are.
 we'll just stop having sex.
guys, hitting is not about muscle.
 it's simple physics.
 calculate the velocity, v, in relation to the trajectory, t, in which g, gravity, of course remains a constant.
 s not complicated.
now who are you again?george costanza, assistant to the traveling secretary.
are you the guy who put us in that ramada in milwaukee?do you wanna talk about hotels, or do you wanna win some ball games?we won the world series.
in six games.
 so if you like to tell jokes, and love to make people laugh, stand-up comedy may be the career for you.
nine minutes.
how am i gonna fill two hours?hello? i can take an hour off your hands.
 give the kids a chance to see a real live yankee.
and give you the chance to see some real disappointed kids.
 more coffee?excuse me, darling, do i detect a portuguese accent?sidas kaffes un salat e grand por favor.
mute pragalas senoreh, don't mention it.
portuguese?yeah, my cleaning lady's portuguese.
 i must've picked it up.
how come he's gettin so smart? i stopped having sex with ben three days ago and i don't know no portuguese?are you all right?i don't know.
 it's just the last coupla days my mind has been, not good.
wait a second, i know what's happening.
 the no sex thing is having a reverse effect on you.
what? what are you talking about?to a woman, sex is like the garbage man.
 you just take for granted the fact that any time you put some trash out on the street, a guy in a jumpsuit's gonna come along and pick it up.
 but now, it's like a garbage strike.
 the bags are piling up in your head.
 the sidewalk is blocked.
 nothing's getting through.
 you're stupid.
i don't understand.
exactly.
hey buddy.
hey.
hey, you should come over.
 tonight's pipe night.
what? what happened to your face? it looks like an old catcher's mitt.
what? s crinkly.
it's from all that smoke.
 you've experienced a lifetime of smoking in hours.
 what did you expect?emphysema, birth defects, cancer.
 but not this.
 jerry, my face is my livelihood.
 everything i have i owe to this face.
and your teeth, your teeth are all brown.
look away, i'm hideous.
hey, ben.
 i need a four letter word.
 winnie the blank.
pooh!pooh no, it's winnie the pooh.
so the hospital called, turns out some stupid intern screwed up my test.
 i never had mono.
 so we can you know.
so what did you do?i told her i would have to think about it.
but ultimately, you're gonna choose in favor of sex, right?i don't know.
 perhaps i can better serve the world this way.
you mean, not subjecting yourself to your sexual advances.
simple joke from a simple man.
so you're never gonna have sex again?well, jerry.
 there was a pretty good chance i was never gonna have sex again anyway.
so you ready for the assembly tomorrow? you know what you're gonna say about the yankees?oh, sports are so pedestrian.
 i've prepared some science experiments that will illuminate the mind and dazzle the eye.
i wrote a minute bit about how homework stinks.
my vacation was restful, splendid, magnificent.
 in fact, next time i'm plannin on going to kofu.
oh no.
jackie we gotta talk.
no way, kramer.
 you've brought nothing but a mountain of misfortune and humiliation.
 now get out.
but jackie--i said out.
jackie, i think i gotta case against the tobacco companies.
the who?the tobacco companies.
i've been wanting a piece of them for years.
did that cigarette warning label mention anything about damage to your appearance?no, it didn't say anything.
so you're a victim.
 now your face is shallow, unattractive, disgusting.
so jackie, do you think we gotta case?your face is my case.
how ya doin'?not good.
 i'm a moron.
well, don't worry about it.
 once he passes the test, you'll have sex again, and you'll be fine.
well, that kinda brings us to why i'm here.
 you got eleven minutes?what for? oh come on.
i just wanna clear my head.
 it has nothing to do with you.
i think it has something to do with me.
you could read the paper through the whole thing if you want.
 s too weird.
oh, all right.
 is kramer home?you know, louise.
 i think you'll find this amusing.
 in early euclidean geometry--george, i have to have sex.
i used to share that same outlook.
 but now, i have so many things to occupy my mind.
 for instance, the atom.
goodbye, george.
 i hate you.
 what a fascinating turn of events.
 mas caf&eacute;?si, por favor.
miss wilkie, your tobacco company has turned this beautiful specimen, into a horrible twisted freak.
who could love me?i disagree.
 in fact, i feel mr.
 kramer projects a rugged masculinity.
rugged? the man's a goblin.
 he's only been exposed to smoke for four days.
 by the time this case gets to trial, he'll be nothing more than a shrunken head.
all right, mr.
 chiles.
 you'll have our offer by tomorrow.
 good day, gentlemen.
 bye-bye.
 jackie, you did it.
 we're rich.
you better believe it.
 jackie's cashin in on your wretched disfigurement.
congratulations! you passed!elaine, elaine.
 i don't think we should see each other anymore.
what? you're breaking up with me? but i sacrificed and supported you while you struggled.
 what about my dream of dating a doctor?i'm sorry, elaine.
 i always knew that after i became a doctor, i would dump whoever i was with and find someone better.
 that's the dream of becoming a doctor.
look it, are we going to have sex, or not?okay, jerry, now when the glee club's finished singing, george goes on, then you.
 hey.
where have you been? you know, you're on next.
i got lost on the way over.
got lost? we went to school here for three years.
what are these? take me to your leader.
oh my god.
 you had sex.
 you had sex with louise!no, the portuguese waitress.
the portuguese waitress?i calculated my odds of ever getting together with a portuguese waitress.
 mathematically, i had to do it, jerry.
george, george, you're on.
no, no.
 i'm not going on.
then what'd you come down here for?tell you about the portuguese waitress.
it's good to have you back.
one of you has to go on.
all right, i'll do it.
 it was a great lunch, jackie.
 thanks.
it's a little puzzling we haven't gotten that offer yet.
mrs.
 wilkie, from the tobacco company called me.
 we had a little pow-wow.
a pow-wow? who told you to have a pow-wow? i didn't tell you to have pow-wow.
she made an offer.
 i took it.
how much?no, no, no.
 there was no money.
no money? then what'd we get?check it out.
 this is the most public yet of my many humiliations.
cancelled? but i was supposed to be on tomorrow night.
yeah, but then, you know, some people were telling me about that little flap out there at the junior high assembly.
 and before that, you were bumped by a lizard?actually, it was a .
those things, deadly dangerous.
 a long time ago my uncle and a date are driving, like, through mexico.
 they see one on the road, drags him out of the road, and chews his face off.
 listen, we'll call you if anything opens up.
 okay, jimmy?jerry.
right.
 jerry.
jerry! s moving out! get out!i'm out! fantastic apartment right across from mine, huh.
 i can't wait for you to see it.
 is it better than mine? oh yeah.
so, it's a two-bedroom-one-bath-make-your-friends-hate-ya?you know what? it's better than elaine's, too.
 i gotta give her a call.
 she's out.
 oh right, the blind date.
yeah, well, they like to call it a set-up now.
 i guess the blind people don't like being associated with all those losers.
come on.
 come check out my new place.
 it'll take you two minutes.
i can't.
 i'm meeting kramer down at my mini-storage.
  oh, this is really annoying.
  what is with that?!well, it's coughing, jerry.
 it expells the diseased germs out of the body, into the air.
  where is your key?yeah, well, uh, newman.
 he's - he's got it.
you know, kramer, i rented out half of my space to you.
yeah, and i rented out half that space to newman.
  s storing mail in here? evidently.
excuse me, george?   s association.
oh, right! s like a gymnasium in here! try and guard me! (dribbles an imaginary ballno, no uh, george, unfortunately, clarance eldridge in c has decided that he wants the apartment.
 yeah, but you - you promised it to me.
yes, but, you see - mister eldridge is an andrea doria survivor.
 and, in light of the terrible suffering that he's already been through, we've decided to give it to him.
  shipwreck.
i remember where is this guy?! huh.
excuse me, elaine benes?yeah?an alan mercer called for you.
 he said he's sorry, but he won't be able to make it tonight.
 s been stabbed.
 stabbed?!more bread? you ate more bread?that is not the point! the guy was stabbed!did you find out who stabbed him?yeah, it turns out it was his ex-girlfriend.
 re not going near this hooligan anymore.
well, i don't know i mean, think about it, jerry.
 there must be something exciting about this guy if he can arouse that kind of passion.
 s kind of a compliment.
 t get shot.
 he could have been the one.
 hey.
ehh there is now.
 kramer, you should really get that cough checked out by a doctor.
 plus, the botched my vasectimy.
 the botched it? m even more potent now!hey.
hey.
 how's the new place?!gone.
 the tenant association made me give it to this guy because he was an andrea doria survivor andrea doria? isn't that the one they did the song about? edmund fitzgerald.
i love edmund fitzgerald's voice.
 no, gordon lightfoot was the singer.
 edmund fitzgerald was the ship.
 you could fit people in that bathroom i think gordon lightfoot was the boat.
 yeah, and it was rammed by the cat stevens.
 how do you know?it's in my book - astonishing tales of the sea people died.
 people?! that's it?! i thought it was, like, a thousand!there were , survivors.
that's no tragedy! how many people do you lose on a normal cruse? ? ?! kramer, can i take a look at that book? oh yeah.
 i also got astounding bear attacks'hey, uh, before you go, did you talk to newman about getting that mail outta there?yeah, oh, yeah.
 yeah, he's not gonna do it.
 newman? i guess.
listen, i want you to get the mail outta my storage unit.
sometimes we don't get what we want.
 what are you talking about?i didn't get my transfer.
'transfer'?to hawaii.
 the most sought-after postal route of them all.
 the air is so dewy-sweet you don't even have to like the stamps but it's not to be - so, i'm hanging it up.
you quit the post office?kind of.
 i'm still collecting checks, i'm just not delivering mail.
well, get it out of my storage.
 it's illegal.
and yet, it's perfectly legal to take a man's soul and crush it out like a stale pall mall.
 ok, hold on there that's a nasty cough you got there, huh?what cough?i love shrimp! no, it's okay.
 i'm still just a little bit jumpy.
 between you and me, what happened there with the stabbing?just one of those things, you know.
what? was she just so crazy in love with you that she just couldn't take it anymore? or ?i don't know.
 could be.
alan?!carol? was that the one?! was that the one who stabbed you?! no, that was a different girl.
there was another crazed ex-girlfriend?right, so, i called my friend, you know - the one who set us up - i found out, he's a bad-breaker-upper.
mmm bad how? t mean, but he means them.
 i follow.
 so what are you gonna do?dump him.
 i can't be with someone who doesn't break up nicely.
 i mean, to me, that's one of the most important parts of a relationship.
 s more important? hey.
what's with the dog? oh  m gonna have a vet check us out.
a vet?oh, i'll take a vet over an m.
d.
 any day.
 they gotta be able to cure a - all on the same day.
so, if i may jump ahead - you're gonna take dog medicine? ll see ya.
ahoy! mr.
 eldridge.
 i understand you were on the andrea doria.
yes, it was a terrifying ordeal.
i tell ya, i hear people really stuff themselves on those cruise ships.
  we had to abandon ship.
well, all vacations have to end eventually.
the boat sank.
 so, uh, clarence, how about abandoning this apartment, and letting me shove off in this beauty?is that what this is all about?! i don't think i like you.
  s my apartment, eldridge! the stalkholm may not have sunk ya, but i will! ha, ha, ha!what are the symptoms?well, uh it hurts when he swallows.
 expecially when he drinks orange juice.
 s it.
yeah, well, uh - we've been seeing a lot of this lately.
 been drinking from the toilet? s disgusting so that's it? we're, uh, we're breakin up? what? break-up? we went out on one date.
 ok, yeah, sure, fine, right.
 whatever you say.
 alright, good.
 good.
ok, then, well, so see ya around big head.
 pardon?you got a big head.
 it's too big for your body.
  so, he's keeping the apartment.
 he doesn't deserve it, though! even if he did suffer, that was, like, years ago! what has he been doing lately?! i've been suffering for the past years up to and including yesterday!you know, if this tenant board is so impressed with suffering, maybe you should tell them the astonishing tales of costanza'.
 i should!i mean, your body of work in this field is unparalleled.
i could go bumper to bumper with any one else on this planet!you're the man!jerry!i'm with people, i'll be with you in a moment.
 so, you want a protein shake, or something?nah, i guess i should really get moving on this, huh? i'm gonna go.
  hello newman.
 i need that mail, where is it?!what's the difference?the guy who had the hawaii transfer got busted for hoarding victoria secret catalogues.
 i gotta deliver that mail!well, go ahead.
 there's bags of it.
blast! there's no way i can handle in addition to my ususal load of one! i'll never get to hawaii! the dream is dead.
you're giving up that easy?i usually do.
 see ya.
 t let this dream die.
 you moving away is my dream too! what are you proposing? whatever it takes, for as long as it takes me, where ever it takes me as long as it takes you away from me!an alliance? hawaii? that's why you're helping newman with the mail? elaine, newman is my sworn enemy.
 and he lives down the hall from my home - my home, elaine! where i sleep, where i come to play with my toys.
well, anyway, get this: i spoke to alan.
 you know, i told him i didn't want to see him anymore he called me big head'.
'big head s almost a compliment.
 s ever said to me.
hello? hey.
hey, george.
yeah, listen, i can't make it later.
you can't make it?yeah, the tenant association has decided to hear my side of the story.
 so, uh, i gotta kinda get ready.
 i'll see ya.
alright.
 is he not gonna go to the coffee shop? s gonna happen.
 kramer, aren't you taking any medication for that?yeah, yeah.
 i got some pilss.
 they taste terrible.
 em.
 s too tender.
alright, sit down, sit down.
 i don't want to!c'mon.
 just sit down! jerry! what?!sit down! sit down! hey!lean your head back.
 open your mouth! open your mouth! open it! open it! these are dog pills!whe have the same symptoms.
but, he's a dog! you need to see a real doctor.
no, no.
 no doctors.
alright where are you going?i'm taking the car.
 i gotta run some errands.
 you want to go?i don't know  mon!lady, could you move your head a little bit?what?your head.
 i can't see out the back.
 thank you.
i don't see any tissues back her re taking me to the doctor!so, uh, mom, dad, i was hoping that you could help me to remember my childhood a little clearly i feel a draft.
 s change tables.
get outta here! we have a booth.
frank, i'm cold!order a hot dish.
why can't we sit over there?  s not a booth! so, who says we have to sit in a booth?!  t take the subway to be in a drafty restaurant! mom dad.
now, george, what do you want to know about your childhood? m pretty clear on it.
 s that breeze coming from?kramer, outta the car.
 out, now!no, jerry!alright, that's it no! don't!hey, hey! get back over here! kramer! get over here! you are bad! bad neighbor! kramer!just then, a rescue ship emerged from the fog and saved us.
 it was it was the sweetest sight my eyes ever saw.
 s testimony.
newman, how'd it go? did you get it all delivered? what happened?kramer bit me!bit you?!we had an arguement about me going to hawaii, and he locked onto my ankle like it was a soup bone.
 i'm hubbled! i don't think i can do my route - and they're awarding the transfer in two days! well, what if i deliver it?you?! t deliver mail!well, why not? s just walking around putting it into boxes what am i gonna wear?i could give you my uniform from my rookie year.
 m gonna be a mailman! there you go.
 merry chirstmas!mail on sunday? i was handcuffed to the bed in my underwear, hey, i've been trying to jam stuff in the box, like you told me, but sometimes it says, like, photographs - do not bend'.
'do not bend'.
 what?that was the vice president of the post office.
 i didn't get the transfer they knew it wasn't me doing my route!how did they know?! s like the -minute mile! i tried my best!exactly.
 you're a disgrace to the uniform.
 you know, this is your coat.
 damn! really?it's not contest.
 the guy had nothing! the ship went down, he got into a life boat, i mean, come on.
boy, he didn't know what he was up against.
 so, when do you move into the apartment?they're making their decision today.
what's the matter with you?nothing except that a bird ran into my giant freak-head.
 what giant freak-head? m a walking candy apple!so, it's actually gotten to you? you're playing right into his hands! t bother me.
 you know, laugh it off or jam a fork into his forehead.
 either way.
 alright.
i want to apologize for  oh, please.
so you have a big head.
 so what?it goes well with that bump in your nose.
 what?!please! get help! there's a crazy big-headed woman beating up some guy! tell the police the old mill restaurant'.
 hurry!boy, that's some cough you got there.
excuse me, uh, what are you doing in there?i'm moving in.
 alan mercer.
 new neighbor.
 what? elaine's big-head guy? they have you the apartment?!yeah.
why?! because you were stabbed, and got coffee thrown in your face, and uh oh, fork in the forehead.
that's why they gave you the apartment?no, i just gave the super bucks.
wait a minute, that is my apartment.
 i earned it with years of misery!tough luck, chinless.
 so what happened to you yesterday? we were supposed to go to the auto show, i waited for you, you never came.
i'm sorry, i got really busy.
 how long did you wait?five minutes.
five minutes? that's it?what's the difference? you never showed up.
i could've! i mean, last week we waited for that friend of kramer's for like, forty minutes.
well, we barely knew the guy.
so, the longer you know someone, the shorter you wait for em.
that's the way it works.
when did you tell george to be here?i told him to meet us here in ten minutes.
 how long has it been?about five.
that's enough.
 early! alright! cold.
so, i noticed you bounced a check at the bodega.
how did you know about that?because marcelino, he taped it up on his cash register with all the other bad checks.
he can't do that.
it's the only way you'll learn.
 aw, these eggs are disgusting.
 this chicken should be ashamed of himself.
fantastic day! fantastic!what happened? m brushing my teeth and this piece of apple-skin, that must have been lodged in there for days, comes loose.
fantastic.
then, i'm at the foundation you're still doing that?sometimes, once in a while.
when you feel guilty.
no, occasionally i'll forget to let the machine pick up.
 anyway, they made this large donation, to a women's prison, and i get to go down there and check it out.
that's caged heat.
yeah-hah!what are you gonna do there?nothing really, you know just eh, stroll around the cell blocks, maybe eh, take in a shower fight.
 hey eh, you know you got a bounced check hanging up in the little market over on columbus?yes, i know, i know.
i noticed you eh, chose the eh clowns with balloons check design.
it was a mistake, the bank sent me the wrong ones.
hey! look who's here! hey kurt, this is jerry, and george, and kramer.
hey, kurt.
 taste these eggs.
uh, no - i only eat cage-free, farm-fresh.
yes! these are sweatshop eggs.
ah, i gotta call the office.
 honey, will you order for me?i'm a honey.
 he's pretty great, huh?is he from the future?no, he just shaves his head.
 i think it's pretty gutsy.
listen, sweetheart, let me tell you a little something about guts.
 this is guts.
what? clinging to some scraps?these are not scraps.
 these are historic remains of a once great society of hair.
oh, did you guys stop at the bodega today? some moron bounced a clown check!again, i'm really sorry about the check, marcelino.
people seem to like the clowns.
look, let me just give you the forty, plus another twenty for your trouble.
'kay.
aren't you going to take the check down?sorry, no.
 it's store policy.
but it's your bodega.
even i am not above the policy.
those are our tennis courts.
tennis courts? w-w-what about the yard? where do they have the gang fights?there's no fights here, mr.
 costanza.
 this is a minimum security facility.
hmm.
 what about a hole? you ever put anybody in the box'?no.
this prison stinks.
and finally, the library, which has just been refurbished thanks to your generous donation.
 this is celia morgan, our librarian.
nice to meet you.
i'll be in my office if you need me.
thanks, warden.
betsy.
betsy.
so, are you the head of the foundation?well, let's just say it wouldn't exist without me.
 ?no, it's standard issue.
oh my god you're in jail? that is so cool!you asked her out?well not out.
 she's a prisoner.
how could you ask her out?why not?i remember when you wouldn't date that girl who lived in queens because you didn't want to go over the bridge!that was different!i'll say.
jerry, i like being with her.
 plus, i know where she is all the time.
 i have relatively no competition.
 an-and you know how you live in fear of the pop-in?the pop-in.
yeah, no pop-in, no in the neighborhood, no i saw your light was on.
 and the best part is, if things go really well conjugal visit?don't jinx it! don't jinx hey.
hey.
what's up?george is dating a convict.
oh? what's she in for? embezzlement.
sounds like a nice girl.
 hey jerry, is it all right if i put some stuff in your fridge? cause mine's full.
yeah, sure.
 you don't even have a fridge, do you?well, not here.
okay kramer, kramer, wait a minute, what the hell is that?well, it's chicken feed.
 i sense something is afoot.
yeah, i bought a chicken.
allow me.
 why?cage-free, farm-fresh eggs.
allow me.
 what are you, an idiot?no hold it, hold it, hold it, here, i got it.
 catch.
 hm.
 s license.
 oh my god.
what?your hair.
 it's so thick and lustrous.
 i mean, it it was.
well, it still is.
 i shave my head for my swim team.
 i just liked the way it looked, so i kept it.
are you saying that i could be dating this hair? i mean wi with you under it?  oh what hey.
is that your chicken making all that noise?oh, jerry loves the morning.
who?little jerry seinfeld.
 i named my chicken after you.
thanks, that's very sweet, but that is not, a chicken.
of course it is.
 i picked it out myself.
well, you picked out a rooster.
well, that would explain little jerry's poor egg production.
this was fun.
yeah.
 i had a great time.
five minutes, mr.
 costanza.
the whole hour just flew by.
 i'll get that.
oh, thanks, bobby.
 ll see you in four days.
yeah.
 go out and have a ball with the guys.
 i'll be waiting right here for you.
of course you will.
 hmmhello?jerry? leo told us he saw your bounced check.
 are you having money problems?i'm not having money problems.
enough with the comedy! you're very clever, you should look into advertising.
he never even called ed roydlick.
 they were looking for someone!i'm not calling ed roydlick.
 i'm doing fine!that's it.
 i'm gonna to send you fifty dollars.
you are not sending me fifty dollars!we're sending you fifty dollars! morty, get me an envelope.
i swear to god, if you send me fifty dollars, you are gonna be so sorry!i don't see envelopes!they're right in front of you! oh, for heaven's sakes show you ma! ma! maaa! how're the folks?good.
so? movie tonight?i thought you were going out with celia?i did.
 i'm back.
 i love this relationship, i feel so liberated!having her in jail.
the only thing that bothers me is that i'm just coming up with this now.
yeah, dating a convicted felon.
 i don't know how you missed it.
here.
 take a look at that.
huh.
 kurt's an organ donor.
no! he's not bald.
 look! he's got a full head of hair.
so he just shaves his head for no reason?that's like using a wheelchair for the fun of it!and he's growing it in just for me.
 it's just hair.
it's not just hair! look!it's brown.
it's chestnut with auburn highlights!so?you're not around women.
 you don't know how important a man's hair is.
i'm sorry, george, but it's true.
i knew it.
hey, kramer.
yeah nice rooster.
yeah what's his name?ah, well, this is little jerry seinfeld.
little jerry seinfeld.
 does he bounce checks? look, can't you take jerry's check down?sorry kramer, can't help you.
hey, hey jerry, come on.
 sorry.
i like the way he handles himself.
oh yeah ohhh, it's coming in already!yeah wow, you have some very nice little seedlings here.
 huh what?well, it doesn't seem to be coming in so good over here.
 or here.
what do you mean? well, i don't know h- how long have you been shaving your head for?about three years.
huh.
oh my god! m going bald!george! i'm so glad to see you!hey, i brought you some cigarettes.
 you buy yourself something nice.
good news - i'm up for parole.
parole! s dynamite!so marcelino's going to take down the check?yeah, well, it comes down if little jerry seinfeld wins the cockfight.
great! what?well, marcelino, he has cockfights in the back of his store.
ah ha yeah, so he says if little jerry seinfeld wins, the check comes down.
kramer, cockfighting is illegal.
only in the united states.
it's inhumane!no, jerry, it's not what you think it is.
it's two roosters peckin at each other!what?yeah!well, i thought they wore gloves and helmets, you know, like american gladiators.
'no kramer, little jerry could get hurt.
yeah, well, i left him with marcelino!my little jerry! hey, did you get little jerry, is he o.
k.
?oh well, he's more than o.
k.
, he won!you let him fight?yeah, well i couldn't get there in time to stop it, but you should have seen little jerry, jerry! flappin his wings and struttin his stuff! he was peckin and weavin and bobbin and talkin trash! he didn't even have to touch him! the other rooster ran out of the ring.
 the whole fight lasted two seconds.
how long do they usually last?five seconds.
 and marcelino says he's taking your check down today.
great!hey.
celia's up for parole.
hey, little jerry won his cockfight.
what?who?i'm too tired.
o.
k.
, listen, i want you to come by later, alright? cause we're having a victory party for little jerry.
o.
k.
 it's over, jerry.
 she's gettin out.
ah, i'm so sorry.
she's been locked up for two years.
 she's gonna want to make up for lost time.
 dinners.
 movies.
 talking in other words, a normal relationship.
heh, haa.
 and that's no good.
 i've tried it straight, jerry.
 we've all seen the results.
 for me, sick is the only way to go.
well, she'll still be an ex-con.
it's not the same.
hey, if you two are meant to be together i'm sure the cops'll pick her up on something.
kurt? what's with the sweats? aren't we going out?i don't care.
you, uh got a big stain on your shirt.
oh yeah meatball fell out of my sandwich.
you already ate?it's from yesterday.
jerry! you missed a hell of a cockfight last night.
then what is my check still doing up? we had a deal!now we have a new deal.
new deal?when little jerry seinfeld is mine, the check will be yours.
this is outrageous! pack of juicy fruit.
 cents.
 cents? that is outrageous!kramer, marcelino wants us to sell him little jerry seinfeld.
well, that's out of the question.
but kramer, cockfighting is an illegal and immoral activity.
yeah, if you got a loser.
 but little jerry was born to cockfight!no, no more cockfighting.
 let's just sell him to marcelino the cockfighter and be done with it!you know, i think you're jealous.
of what?yah, yah! you see in little jerry seinfeld the unlimited future you once had.
 now, just because jerry seinfeld is a has-been, don't make little jerry seinfeld a never-was!kramer, give me that rooster!never! you hate him because he's doing more with your name than you ever will! yah-yah! george, celia has listed you as a character reference.
 whatever you can tell us would certainly be helpful in, her getting paroled.
well, anything i can do to help, um she's a wonderful girl.
 very smart.
 very eh crafty.
does she have any plans after she's released?plans.
 schemes.
 she ah, she keeps talking about getting back together with her old friends, you know - the gang, as she likes to call them re hatching something, you can count on that.
jerry! tomorrow night's fight-night.
 where's my rooster?kramer won't sell.
well, tell you what i'm gonna do.
 i'm gonna take down your check anyway.
oh well, thank you, marcelino.
well, perhaps someday you will do me a favor.
 and that day is today.
 little jerry seinfeld must go down in the third round of tomorrow's main event.
you want little jerry to take a dive?shhh, not so loud.
first of all, i don't think you can make a rooster take a dive.
can, too!second of all, jerry seinfeld - big or little - doesn't go down for anyone, anywhere, at anytime! now i'd appreciate it if you please leave.
big jerry is making a big mistake, jerry.
we'll see about that.
 up! we got a cockfight to win!o.
k.
!elaine said you would be the best person i could talk to.
yep.
 classic horseshoe pattern.
 i've seen a lot of this.
oh, god.
no, no, kurt - wrong attitude.
 you should be happy now.
happy? why should i be happy?you've still got pretty good coverage.
 once the enemy advances beyond this perimeter - t be kurt anymore.
who will i be?how long do i have? months.
 maybe .
is there anything i can do?yes.
 live, dammit.
 live! every precious moment as if this was the last year of your life.
 because in many ways it is.
 excuse me.
celia? w-w-what are you doing here?well, i didn't get my parole, so i busted out.
and-and you just decided to pop in !kurt!elaine will you marry me?oh, yeah.
 oh, yeah.
 boy he's lookin good, huh jerry?yeah.
 alright, i think that's enough for today.
 what are you doing with that?i'm just gonna heat this up.
 make a little hot-tub for little jerry.
hey, kramer ?be careful.
hey.
hey, guess what! little jerry ran from here to newman's in under thirty seconds!is that good?i don't know.
 where have you been?celia broke out of prison.
 i'm sitting in my home, she shows up at the door!oh my god! the break-out/pop-in!'yeah.
 hey jerry, listen to this.
 i discovered something even better than conjugal visit sex.
 fugitive sex! now, it's like everytime -george, this is a little too much for me - escaped convicts, fugitive sex i got a cockfight to focus on.
 hey hey kurt, slow down! i can't just marry you, whim-bam-boom! i mean, i need some fiance-time, i need some make-my-girlfriends-jealous time plus, you want to get to know me.
yeah, yeah, that too.
well, how much time? t know a year?no, no, no it has to be now.
 could i see the ring again?so, you're actually considering it?well, it'll be a couple of years before he's completely bald.
 those'll be good times.
marriage is a big step, elaine.
 your life'll totally change.
jerry, it's three-thirty in the morning.
 i'm at a cockfight.
 what am i clinging to?oh, hey, sorry i'm late.
hey.
sorry i'm late.
where's celia?she didn't want to come, she-she's not really into sports.
hmm.
 hey, how's he doin'?ohh, he's got a big sweat going.
 s from your parents.
fifty dollars.
 i don't believe this!there's marcelino.
 look at the size of his bird!that looks like a dog with a glove on his head.
hi, is george back from the cockfight yet? you know, i gotta thank him, he changed my life.
no, it must have been a good fight, he's not back yet.
ah, damn.
aw, man!i'm not george costanza.
muchos gracias.
 s and !he's a ringer!where's the tamale guy?little jerry's going to get his clock cleaned.
 i gotta get him outta there.
lit _ tle jer _ ry!kra _ mer!stop _ the _ fight!ta _ mal _ e!ahhh, uh, uh, uh, ohuh, aaaa ouh au au au ah ah ah, ah, ah, ah.
why? why did you get into a fist fight with the cop? you were innocent!they thought i was george.
 i'm not that bald.
 and i have too little time left to take that kind of crap, so i, slugged him.
so, how long are you gonna be in here for?well, my lawyer says months, but with good behavior, maybe ? so to months.
yeah.
well, that was alright, huh?yeah.
well, um, goodnight.
goodnight.
 look at this.
jerry, we can only stay four days.
well, i'm upset, but we'll make the most of it.
helen, did you pack my travel gym?yes.
 oh, your father bought a exercise device off the television.
 he does it every morning at four.
only twenty-five minutes a day, and you can attach it to any doorknob.
huh.
 so, i guess your travel miles are about to expire.
well, actually, jerry, we wanted to talk to you about something.
am i finally getting a baby brother?jerry, be serious.
how would you feel if we sold the cadillac?what? the cadillac i bought for you?it's too much car, jerry.
aw, c'mon, you love that car.
 what about the northstar system?i don't think we even use it.
well, it's a gift and i want you to keep it.
we already sold it.
wh why didn't you tell me before you sold it?because we had a buyer, and we couldn't get a free flight until now.
well, we could, but we wanted the bulkhead.
 ugh.
 man, that emily is wearing me out.
kramer.
no, no, no.
 it's not the sex, jerry.
 heyy! seinfelds.
hi kramer.
hiya kramer.
we're in the middle of a discussion here.
oh yeah? what about?jerry's upset we sold the cadillac.
what'd you get for it?jack klompus gave us six grand.
you sold my cadillac to jack klompus? and we want you to have the money.
 t need the money.
what're you talking about? you had a cheque bounce at the bodega.
 oh, is that what this is all about?! i bounce a cheque and you sold a cadillac?!well, also, jerry, we read an article in the sun sentinel.
 it says standup comedy is not what it used to be, what with def jam and all.
yeah, that def jam is a force.
jerry, you know, i hear wonderful things about bloomingdales executive training program.
 oh my god.
y'know you've given this comedy thing your best shot.
 yeah, you had some good observations, but it's over.
 now, this bloomingdale thing, that could be the next wave.
uh, excuse me.
 uh, pound of arabian mocha java, please.
so, you understand how my peterman stock options are gonna work?i'm going to the bathroom.
just, very interesting.
yeah, when it's your money, it's fascinating.
arabian mocha java? oh, um, i got it.
that arabian is strong coffee.
it's plo blend.
ohh, i got your coffee.
oh oh, here, lemme uh  yeah.
bye.
mmm.
you see what just happened here?what?she treated me to the arabian mocha java.
and you misinterpret this how?she's stickin it to me that she makes more money than me.
i'm sure she was just being nice, buying you the coffee.
no, not nice.
 she's stickin it to me.
you're crazy.
 it to me, jerry.
george.
 it!so you're buying the car back for your parents?i'm flying down to florida tomorrow.
your parents'll never let you do it.
they lied to me about selling the car.
 i'll lie to them about buying it back.
 they think they can dump six grand on me? think again.
what kind of money you think your parents have?excuse me?i bet they have more money than mine.
come on, your parents have money.
you think?when did they ever spend any money?never.
what are their living expenses?nothing.
where do they ever go on vacation?nowhere.
how much money d'you think they have?few hundred grand? re saying?!course you may not see it for twenty years.
twenty years? that long?does your father still eat bacon and eggs every day?fortunately, yes.
how's your family history?i have an aunt that died at seven.
really?aunt baby.
elaine.
 uh, you got a moment?yeah, kramer, come on in.
i, uh, need to speak to you about some lady problems.
 oh-kay.
 t want her in the bed any more.
ah.
yeah, because she's throwing off my whole sleep.
 she's got the jimmy legs.
 jimmy legs?jimmy leg.
 ohh.
so, uh, well, maybe i should just be honest with her, huh?tell her after sex, you just want her outta there?well, i'd say it nicely.
i don't think so.
well, you know, i really like this girl and i, you know, i think if i could just work out this one thing  yeah.
 i gotta be honest with you kramer.
 you might be more than just a coupla tweaks away from a healthy relationship.
well you're not exactly zeroing in yourself, lady.
 alright, get out.
 get out!so listen, i gotta go down to atlantic city.
 i'm performing at bally's.
you just heard about this today? they had a cancellation and they instantly called me.
who cancelled?carrot top.
 i told you, my career's fine.
i been, uh, thinking about the family.
 tell me, uh, about aunt baby.
 s deceased.
 yeah.
 uhm, why did she die so young? internal.
is that common in our family?well, your uncle moe, he died a young man.
also internal problems.
it's that temper on your side.
 they're yelling and yelling, and then one day, they're all gone.
what about your side? your cousin hennie.
 she was sickly from the moment i met her! t you talk about hennie!i guess you two are the lucky ones.
so far.
frank, if aunt baby were alive today, how old would she be?she'd never make it.
so let me get this straight.
 you enjoy the lovemaking shh, shh.
 well, do you?oh yeah, like strawberry pie.
okay, but you have a problem sharing a bed with me?i know it's not what the ladies like.
 but without some solid sack time, i'm a zombie.
i don't know.
 mon, man.
 meet me halfway.
you're not easy, kramer.
i know.
so, to what do i owe the pleasure of this, unannounced, visit?i wanna buy back the cadillac.
you wanna buy it back? why, you go drugs hidden in the trunk?i'm kidding.
 ll give you nine thousand for it.
nine thousand for a cadillac? it's got no miles on it.
you bought it for six!you're not me.
 you want for it?the kelly blue book value.
 twenty-two thousand dollars.
fourteen thousand.
done.
 but, i get to drive it tomorrow, because doris wants to go to naples.
need a pen?still works.
hey, where's jerry?he's performing at bally's in atlantic city.
aw, okay.
 s room, please.
you know that number?i used to have a problem.
 s not registered? wha s, e, i, n, v f.
 f, e, l , d.
 f, e, l, d.
 alright, you have a lucky day, too.
he's not there?no, they never heard of him.
this is so nice of you to take us all out to dinner, george.
 well, as much as i enjoy all the good-natured ribbing, nothing really makes me happier than spending money on the people i care about.
where's jerry?oh, he'll be here.
 by the way, elaine, thank you for laying out for the arabian mocha java.
george, you didn't have to do this.
 i'm president of a big company.
 i can afford to buy you coffee.
 president?yeah.
hey look, he's back.
i got your message, so i came straight from atlantic city.
jerry, kramer called bally's.
 you weren't registered.
 t stay under my own name.
 i was registered under slappy white.
mom? dad?well, look who's here.
 hello, seinfelds.
wh what're you doing here?we're having an upscale dinner.
what?well, after talking to you, we realised we may not have much time left.
so, we're blowing it all.
 s a pierre cardin.
that was alright.
yeah.
 ll see you.
hello.
 jerry, i had a little mishap with the car.
i'm down here in alligator alley.
 you better get down here.
 huh.
 alright.
who was that? ll have to repack, and go.
that didn't sound like the golden nugget.
i'm worried.
 what happens if we have to support jerry?i'd have to go back to work.
where would you work?maybe i should talk to elaine.
well, mr seinfeld, i i'm not sure i understand why you want a job here.
what's not to understand?well, for one thing, you live in florida.
i'm very comfortable working outta the house.
 i have a phone, we have a kinko's nearby.
 you know, i think that my resume speaks for itself.
 where is your resume?i don't have it.
 i'll mail you one.
alright, mr seinfeld, i what kind of position did you have in mind?you sell clothes here, don't you?yeah.
well, i sold raincoats in the garment centre for thirty-eight years.
 in nineteen forty-nine  ll find something for you to do.
you won't regret this, miss benes.
 what time should i be in? i get up at four, i could be here as early as four twenty-five.
uhm  oh, elaine, this dry air is curing me like a black forest ham.
 re back.
who's mr fancy? i uh, i was thinking maybe i should spend the night.
aww, that's sweet, but actually i, i think i'd prefer it if you left.
 what?you were completely right.
 i sleep so much better when i'm alone.
 and you scream in your sleep.
i do? there was a man, he was trying to get into my apartment last night.
 he was jiggling the doorknob for twenty-five minutes.
c'mon, it was probably the wind.
no, no, no.
 it was a fearless cat burglar.
 t wanna sleep alone.
 well, i do.
what took you so long?i live in new york.
 what the hell happened?this thing is a, is a behemoth.
what did you do?i was, i was making a, a simple lane change.
 i, i put on the blinker and it took off on me.
 and the next thing you know, i was submerged.
 i'm telling you, jerry, i'm very lucky that those crocs didn't get me.
 you are such an idiot.
 well, we gotta get the car cleaned up for my parents.
 s your car.
my car? you drove it into the swamp!it drove itself into the swamp! besides, i think i lost my pen, too.
 you know, that almost makes this all worthwhile.
 why is there a cadillac parked in front of the house?that's your mother's new car.
you bought that?it's a coupe de elegance.
your father wanted a mercedes, but i won't ride in a german car.
mornin'.
oh, boy.
what the hell is going on here?i had some trouble at my place, so i need a little company at night to sleep.
george, your mother and i, and kramer have been talking.
 oh god.
uh, george, your parents can't blow through their savings in this community.
 it's low-rent.
 now, we feel that florida is really the place where they should be.
 you can drop a grand in disneyworld, like that.
wait a minute.
 re thinking of moving to florida again?!well, it's either that or we stay here, near you, and just sit on the money.
 what do you think we should do, georgie?so, anyway, effective immediately, miss benes will return to her old position, at her original salary  and i, of course, will return to mine.
 kudos, elaine, on a job done.
 what about my stock options?i think not.
now, down to business.
 i have had this vision of a diaphanous rum-runner scarf.
well, we could fly some fabric in from our silk factories, for about a thousand dollars a bolt.
 ll do it for half that.
 s, ah, asian-americans.
what? who are you?don't worry, i morty seinfeld.
 i cut velvet for forty years with harry altman.
okay, mr seinfeld, this is not the t elaine, did you hire this man? s more like an intern, you know, at best.
so, if your parents move to florida, you're poor.
 but happy.
obviously.
 and if they stay, you're rich, but obviously.
quite a dilemma.
 you know, i have a bit of a dilemma of my own.
no, no.
 no, no, no.
 t solved anything yet.
alright, this is easy.
 let em go.
what d'you mean, let em go? they're spending all my money.
alright, well, then they stay.
 lemma ask you something  s gone, you could humour me.
 he humours me.
speaking of jerry, his father is driving me so crazy down at peterman's.
you know what i do at the yankees, when one of these old guys is breathing down my neck?what?you schedule a late meeting.
 huh? what does that do?these old guys, they're up at a.
m.
, by two thirty they're wiped.
 how did we get back onto you?! i gotta split.
 you know, i got nothing outta this!hey frank, you got two beds in here.
that's right.
 that's me on the left.
so, you sleep in separate beds.
thirty years ago, we came to an agreement.
 it was the only way i could get some rest.
 really? jimmy arms.
you can get that in your arms?like you wouldn't believe.
jerry, it's getting late.
 you've cleaned up the car.
 you've made all your phone calls.
 why are you still here?well, i uh, maxed out my credit cards, and i don't have enough cash for a hotel room.
 so you are uh, thinking of staying here?well  ve got some nerve.
 i almost break my neck in that death-trap of yours, and now you ask me for a favour!you didn't like that crack about the pen.
i did not.
well, i've given this a lot of thought, and i've gotta say  ve decided, i want you to stay.
it's too late.
 we bought a condo at del boca vista.
 we're leaving tonight.
 but you said it was my call.
we were just being nice.
 re gonna be alright here alone?oh, yeah, yeah.
 i got emily coming over tonight.
 re letting him have a woman over?!he's not family.
 it's different, psychologically.
and so, i made an explosive out of chick peas, and i stopped that great rhino right in his tracks.
well, it's getting kinda late, why don't we uh mr peterman, that can't have been the only time that you faced mortal danger.
 ha ha ha.
 funny you should ask, elaine.
look, if we're gonna stay here until all hours of the night, can we at least get some food here? s only five fifteen.
 so, later on that same day, i developed a great hankering for some wild honey  s close to finish with his story.
morty.
 my stories are what sell these clothes.
cheap fabric, and dim lighting.
 that's how you move merchandise.
 re out.
 ach, i never knew what the hell i was peddling with those stupid cartoons and that paper book, anyway.
i don't know why i let you talk me into that corned beef at snitzer's.
 no-one held a gun to your head.
 yeah.
 s tomorrow night.
 re your friends.
you like em.
i've had it with em.
then we won't go.
 okay, okay.
 what time?eight thirty.
 ahh.
 that was alright.
'one bright note in today's market, was the stock of retailer j peterman, whose founder's surprise return generated a rise of twelve and a half points.
'mmm-mmm-mmm.
 that means, if you still had those stock options  yeah.
 s a shame.
 what, are you sticking it to me? what?i think you're sticking it to me.
elaine, i'm sure george is just being sympathetic.
 it!you're not alone.
 i'm practically broke.
really?no.
 but, i did blow over twenty thousand on that cadillac.
 hmm-hmm-hmm-hmm.
 delicious.
well, you seem happy.
i am.
 the folks are twelve hundred miles away.
 nother piece of pie here!so, were your parents shocked to see the cadillac?actually, i haven't heard from em yet.
hmm.
when are we gonna tell jerry?i don't wanna worry him.
 we'll tell him next time we go up.
he thought he could buy back that cadillac for us? he's not getting away with that.
besides, that condo was too much house.
how many times can you check the car? i saw a bum sleeping in a cadillac the other day.
why would someone break into a car to take a nap?they don't nap.
 they make it their home.
 they urinate in there! re driving me crazy! s my hat? nooh!well, if the big man wants a new scoreboard, i don't wanna be the one to tell him no.
no-one in the park is gonna be able to see it from there.
 t we just put a monitor in his skybox?hey george, the ocean called.
 they're running outta shrimp.
 dammit!'the ocean called, they're running outta shrimp'?yeah, yeah, yeah.
 but then, i said to him, oh yeah? well, the jerk store called, and they're running outta you.
' s great.
 you said that to him? well, actually, i thought it up on the way over here.
oh.
 that's not quite the same.
no.
 no it's not.
 you don't know this guy.
 it woulda been so sweet.
i'm gonna grab a can of balls.
right.
hello.
 my name is milos.
 how can i help you.
i need a can of balls.
can of balls for the nice guy, alri  ahh.
 you don't plan to hit these balls with that racquet, do you?checking out the staff picks, miss benes?oh.
 this vincent guy, he is the best.
 he and i have the exact same taste in movies.
oh, vincent is an art-house goon.
 i stick to the gene rack.
gene? oh, it's so stupid and mainstream.
 ve seen all these, so i went with a kramer pick.
 .
 huh, i never heard of that one.
yeah, went straight to video.
 that makes me the premiere.
 hah.
jerry, have you ever seen the movie the other side of darkness?no.
it's about this woman, in a coma.
 well, i couldn't finish watching it, so i want you to read this.
 can you do that for me, buddy?well, i don't if what you have here constitutes a legally binding document.
well, i'm gonna type it up.
yes, well, of course, but, even so, you may wanna talk to a lawyer.
yeah, but, jackie chiles, he put a restraining order on me.
 t even give him his christmas present.
oh, hey, new racquet, huh?yeah.
 t gonna get it, but this guy milos, who runs the pro shop, he really recommended it.
in fact, it's the only racquet he plays with.
 re not gonna need this any more.
 hey, this is the zee page of my address book.
 oh yeah, i put all your zees on the weights and measures page.
 what?did you enjoy the movie?who is it?it's vincent.
of vincent's picks?the same.
he called you?he musta got my number off the computer.
 we ended up talking for, like, two hours.
to a guy you've never met? your screening process is getting ever more rigorous.
trying to meet him.
 he's never at the video store.
 they said he sets his own hours.
little help, hey! yeah.
thank you.
 s terrible.
 mmm-hmm.
hey, how come we played at this crummy place instead of your club?george used up all my guest passes already.
ah.
ahh.
come on.
thank you.
 here you go.
 milos? how you doing?okay, we should uh, wrap it up here.
so he was bad.
 what d'you care?elaine, i paid two hundred dollars for this racquet, because he said it's the only one he plays with.
 he could've played just as well with a log.
hey.
 right, i talked to this lawyer guy, shellbach.
 now, he's gonna set me up, but you gotta come with me and be the executor.
the executor? of what?kramer wants to die with dignity.
there's a feather in your cap.
i don't wanna be a vegetable, elaine.
 i just want out.
 sometimes in life, the gods smile upon you, my friends.
d'you get someone to take that canadian quarter?i got another meeting with reilly.
 a whole new audience, and i bet i can get him to try that line again.
who's reilly?george was scarfing shrimp at this meeting, and this guy says hey, george, the ocean called.
 they're running outta shrimp.
'listen to the comeback.
  wha you gotta be kidding me?!how bout this one? how bout, your cranium called.
 it's got some space to rent.
'? what does that mean?  re not helping me.
look, just tell him you had sex with his wife.
 that'll kill him.
 m not looking for another line.
 i got the line.
look, george, just think about it.
 you know, you're married, how would you feel if somebody says to you that they just had se  m going with jerk store! jerk store is the line! jerk store! yess! did you take this out of the garbage?yeah, it's still got some spring in the strings.
oh, jerry, this is a piece of junk.
 how are you gonna be the executor of my living will? t let go.
trust me, kramer.
 given the legal opportunity, i will kill you.
i wish i could believe you.
 hey, elaine, do you have some free time tomorrow afternoon?me?yeah, because you're perfect.
 you're a calculating, cold-hearted businesswoman.
 and when there's dirty work to be done, you don't mind stomping on a few throats.
 mon.
situation number four.
 you're breathing on your own, you're conscious, but with no muscular function.
well, would i be able to communicate?i don't see how.
ach, i don't like the sound of this one.
huhh, yeah, let's pull the cord.
yank it like re starting a mower.
moving on.
 you have liver, kidneys and gall bladder, but no central nervous system.
well, i gotta have a central nervous system.
okay.
 one lung, blind and you're eating through a tube.
naw, that's not my style.
bore-ing.
alright, you can eat.
 but machines do everything else.
 uhm i'd stick.
yeah, yeah.
 stick.
 cos i could still go to the coffee shop.
 s right.
hello milos.
jerry, thank god you got my message.
 thank you so much for coming down here.
 uhm, listen  you know, i spent two hundred dollars on a racquet because i thought you knew what you were talking about.
i i you can't even play.
believe me, it is milos great shame.
 but jerry, i could lose my business if anybody find out.
 how would you like extra year membership of the club? free.
 no charge.
you could do that?jerry, for you, anything.
 game, set and match, huh milos? is there anything else i can do for you? anything at all.
 i refund your money.
 t even care about the money.
 i just feel like i was taken by the worst tennis player i shhh-shhh.
 i make it up to you.
 ll make it up to me.
tennis, anyone?oh, this is the one vincent told me about.
 the pain and the yearning.
 a hundred and ninety-two minutes?that's a lotta yearning, huh?you know, these movies are great, but they're just so emotionally exhausting.
yeah, well, what you need is some summertime adolescent high jinx.
really? s an hilarious premise.
 well yeah.
 yeah, i could use a chuckle.
 yeah.
what're you getting?nothing, i'm gonna finish watching the other side of darkness.
oh.
 how much you got left?yeah, about two hours.
yeah, she shot in that coma pretty quick.
 ugh!hello.
 s the movie.
 elaine?vincent? the gene pick.
 how could you? i thought we had something special.
 m not even gonna rewind it.
vincent?alright, let's get to it.
wha wait a minute, wha what about reilly?reilly doesn't work here any more.
 t hear about that.
oh, we only wake you up for the important meetings.
hello.
hello.
 didn't i see you at the pro shop yesterday?i think so.
 i'm patty.
 milos gave me your address.
 i hope you don't mind me waiting for you here.
 well uh, what shall we do, uhm, care for a cup of coffee?why don't we just go up to your apartment? alright.
 gotta be an easier way.
doctor, how's her coma?oh, exactly the same.
wait a minute, she's coming out of the coma.
mrs allbright, can you hear me? are you okay? i feel so rested and refreshed.
 get me a toothbrush.
so, you play tennis? enough talk, jerry.
not for me, i love chatting.
 shh.
 not even for him!who? milos.
 my husband! your husband?!so concerned was he, that word of his poor tennis skills might leak out, he chose to offer you his wife as some sort of mediaeval sexual payola? s new around here.
 so, details? t sleep with her.
because of society, right? yes, george, because of society.
 so how did the big meeting turn out?reilly is no longer with the club.
 you believe that?ah, you're better off.
 now you can just let it go.
yeah, i'm gonna let it go.
you never really had the right comeback, anyway.
 are you insane? jerk store, woulda smoked that guy! smoked him, i say.
hey.
 oh, jerry, listen uh, you know, i saw the rest of that movie, the other side of darkness? the coma lady wakes up at the end.
 thanks.
 thanks a lot.
i didn't know it was possible to come out of a coma.
i didn't know it was possible not to know that.
 how was eric roberts as the husband? oh, unforgettable.
 oww.
 s gonna pull my plug.
what? betrayed? oh, vincent, i'm so sorry.
 i yeah, listen, uh, elaine, i've changed my mind about the whole coma thing.
 m up for it.
kramer, do you have any idea what you've done?excuse me.
what're you doing?wha wha ?vincent stopped making picks.
 well, how am i gonna know what movies to see?we have a wide variety of gene picks.
 s trash.
i'm gene.
 hi.
milos, i can assure you, i had no intention of telling anyone about your unbelievably bad tennis playing.
 thank you, but, unfortunately, i have much larger problems to fry.
 my wife, she has no respect for milos anymore.
i guess that's a risk you run when you dabble in the flesh trade.
patty, she, she loves tennis, as much like i do.
 wou would you, wi will you let me beat you in tennis? that is the only way i can show her i am still a man.
 s no other girls around.
 i mean, i wanna be a man too.
so you hurt vincent's feelings? look what came in the mail today.
 s this?it's the play button, off his vcr.
 s like a tooth.
 s working for firestone, in akron, ohio.
ohio?yep.
 i'm leaving first thing tomorrow morning.
 re flying to akron, just to zing a guy?don't you understand? it's not about him.
 to have a line as perfect as jerk store and to never use it.
 i, i couldn't live with myself.
see, there are no jerk stores.
 it it's just a little confusing, is all.
 m not gonna dumb it down for some bonehead mass audience! not you.
oh, brittle bones.
 how i long to be rid of the pain.
hello.
elaine? it's vincent.
 where are you? i have to meet you.
no.
 i can't bear to have anyone see me.
vincent, listen, i won't judge you the way everyone else does.
 you're, you're strange and beautiful, and sensitive.
 s have a look at you.
 t been out in a while.
 well, go around, you bunch of crazies.
 you maniacs are gonna get us all killed.
hi, can i help you?oh, yeah, yeah.
 i'm cosmo kramer.
 yeah, i had an appointment to annul my living will.
oh.
 s gone for the day.
too good.
 another game for milos!! hahaha!you're on fire today.
 s awful! huhuhuhu.
 stuff? hahaha!hello? vincent?elaine?i got what you asked.
just, leave it and go.
w well, can't i come in?no.
 go away.
 now.
 i just, i know you feel what i feel.
excuse me.
 can i help you?aw, dammit! m here to see vincent.
well, i'm his mother.
 s going on here? no, my acne!ahh-cnee.
 you have here? what kind of a sick woman brings this to a fifteen year old? we have the same taste in movies.
did he send you part of our vcr?yeah.
 vincent! hahah.
 i told you to cut it out.
  shellbach.
racquet.
so, george.
 you're proposing a snow tyre day at yankee stadium? help yourself to some shrimp, i brought enough for everybody.
 t make a whole lot of sense.
well, you never know.
 s see how many i can fit in my mouth.
 you know, george the ocean called.
 they're running outta shrimp.
 re running outta you re their all-time best seller!yeah? well, i had sex with your wife.
his wife is in a coma.
 s he doing?he's been sleeping a lot.
 he's still groggy.
oh.
 i thought a movie might cheer him up.
 i got him a gene pick.
what happened to vincent? uh, outlet?ah.
 waahhh!!!'my wife's in a coma.
 yeah? well, the life support machine called and  ohh! ha ha!so, they have this clock now, where you punch in your age, and all your risk factors.
 it actually counts down how much time you have left to live.
so what's the great moment? you're on your death bed, they're pounding on your chest - and you're going , , , i told you this thing was good! t believe this is our first date.
i know how about dessert?i suppose i have to get a piece of cake why?today's my birthday.
what? today? really?yeah.
so, she went out with you on a first date and it was her birthday?yeah.
 and she picked the day!is she socially awkward?no, she's great! she's attractive, she's fun well, maybe she decided to celebrate her birthday on the monday after the weekend.
she's not lincoln.
hey! anybody up for lorenzo's pizza?i'll pass.
oh, yeah? huh.
 hey, george! pizza? yum, yum!eh, i can't.
 i gotta go down to the foundation.
 i'm interviewing high schoolers for the susan ross scholarship.
does it ever bother you that this organization-nope!is beating the bushes-nope! to basically give this money away-noo!to virtually anyone, as long as they're not you? quick, what's your favorite animal? a frog? frog is wrong.
 d save you a lot of trouble.
 ll, uh, let you know.
 s a .
 .
so, uh, steven i see you're president of the chess club.
state champs.
who's your favorite chess player? nastercoff?right.
 nastercoff what country is he from, again? m never gonna get this thing.
 what do you want to do when you grow up?i've been telling people that i'd like to be an architect so, get this: mister peterman is finally letting me do some real writing.
 he's got this book deal, for his autobiography.
 he's gonna let me ghost write it.
wow.
 that's great! when it comes out, i'll have to get someone to ghost read it.
hey.
hey.
hey!alright, so there i am at lorenzo's - loading up my slice of the fixin's bar garlic, m taking on the entire van buren boys!the van buren boys? there's a street gang named after president martin van buren?oh yeah, and they're just as mean as he was! so, i make a move to the door, you know, i grab the knob - occupado! then they back me up agains the cartoon map of italy, and all of the sudden, they just stop.
what? what happened?because i'm still holding the garlic shaker yeah like this m only showing eight fingers.
well, what does that mean?that's their secret sign! see, van buren, he was teh eighth president they thought i was a former van b.
 boy! oh, melissa! kim!ellen.
hey! you guys, i want you to meet jerry.
 ohh, we've heard a lot about you! it is so sweet of you to take her out.
yeah, you don't even know how much she needs this.
 she coming of a bad break-up? no.
see ya!any messages?yeah, no one called.
they act like it was some act of charity.
 just going out with her.
so, she's the loser of the group.
 every group has someone that they all make fun of like us with elaine.
 there is no way ellen is the loser of that group.
are you looking deep down at the real person underneath?no, i'm being as superficial as i possibly can! hey, i htink i may have found someone for the scholarship.
yeah?i'm interviewing all these annoying little overachievers finally, this kid walks in - steven koren - a regular guy likes sports watches t.
v is he smart? s into architecture.
hey! just like you pretend to be.
yes.
 with a little guidance, steven koren is going to be everything i claim to be, only for real.
 that's my dream, jerry.
i had a dream last night that a hamburger was eating me!mister peterman, thanks for having me over.
 your place isn't quite what i imagined ohhh it's just a place to flop.
 well, do you want to start with? foreign intrigue? exotic romances?oh, elaine, we've covered all of that in the catalogue ad nauseum.
 no, i would like this book to be about my day-to-day life.
oh.
 oh damn.
 they changed the cable stations again just when i finally memorized them.
well, mister peterman, do you want to, um  cbs get, um, started  i don't know what that is where's my damn preview channel? t think i see a whole book here.
well, i'm sure we'll come up with something.
 what do you say you and i order ourselves a pie? do you like lorenzo's?you know, a friend of mine almost got beat up at that place by the van buren boys? t say.
yeah.
 the only think that saved him is that he accidentally flashed their secret gang sign.
well, that's pretty exciting.
 s put that in the book.
but, that didn't happen to you.
so, we pay off your friend, and it becomes a peterman.
no, i - i really don't think you can do that.
 you know what? maybe i better talk to my friend.
is that the same outfit you were wearing yesterday?no, this is brand new.
 do you like it?actually, yeah.
 are you using the fork that fell on the floor?! no, jerry, the waitress game be another one.
i guess that's all right.
is something wrong, jerry?no, absolutely nothing.
 hey guys!hey.
 kramer, george, this is ellen.
ladies and gentlemen, this is steven koren.
 his g.
p.
a.
 is a solid .
 ! right in that meaty part of the curve - not showing off, not falling behind.
george, the quailifications for this scholarship were suppose to be largely academic.
i'm sure we're all aware of the flaws and biases of standardized tests these aren't standardized tests - these are his grades.
besides, steven koren has the highest of aspirations.
 he wants to be an architect.
is that right?actually, maybe i could set my sights a little bit higher.
 steven, nothing is higher than an architect.
i think i'd really like to be a city planner.
 why limit myself to just one building, when i can design a whole city?well, that's a good point.
 s not.
well, isn't an architect just an art school drop-out with a tilty desk, and a big ruler?  s called a t-square.
you know, the stupidest guy in my fraternity became an architect - after he flunked out of dental school! thank you.
susan would be proud of what you're doing.
thank you.
and they made it their sign, because, van buren, our th president, was the man they most admired.
 you know, if you like that one, i got more what are you looking for? romance? comedy? adventue? erotica? no, uh, kramer.
 i don't think - how much would you take for the whole lot?my whole lot?name your price, man! dollars.
i'll give you half that.
 done!kramer, my friend, consider elaine at your disposal.
okay would you please just get on with the stupid bob saccamano story?!well, i'm on the phone with bob, and i realize right then and there that i need to return this pair of pants.
 so, i'm off to the store.
what happened to bob saccamano?well, nothing.
 his part of the story is done.
 s not coming, so i decided to hoof it through the tunnel.
alright, well, now that's something well, i don't know if i lost track of time - or what, but the next think i knew  a train is bearing down on you?!no, i slipped - and fell in the mud.
 ruining the very pants i was about to return.
 t understand you were wearing the pants you were returning?well, i guess i was  what were you gonna wear on the way back?elaine, are you listening?! i didn't even get there! all right, next story alright, i think i got enough for one day.
yeah, yeah, chew on that.
 ll chew on that.
oh, hey, listen, by the way - i'm hosting a little get-together tonight in honor of my little financial upturn oh, thanks.
 i've got plans.
elaine, you should be there to document it.
 re getting together with some of your jackass friends, and you want me to take notes?yeah, but get there after nine.
 you know, give the poeple a chance to loosen up.
so you're denying him the scholarship just because he wants to be a city planner?i was betrayed! that kid was like a son to me.
 and if there's one person you should be able to hold down, it's your own flesh and blood.
 like my father my father's father before him.
you know, maybe philanthropy is not your field.
 re all set for the weekend.
you're spending the weekend with ellen? what is this? you want to start? uh, no, no, no you go ahead.
 i gotta get my thoughts together.
jerry, this whole ellen situation has gone far enough.
what?! where is this coming from? she's great! re you doing this, jerry? is it your career? things will pick up.
there's nothing wrong with my career! s executive training program for him.
i though we said we weren't going to discuss that now!well, you know, i think it's something he should consider.
of course he should consider it, but now is not the time!listen, george, all these issues are interrelated.
 m not buying any of this!all right, so what're you saying? that we're wrong? oh, everybody's wrong but you!you know, this is liek that twilight zone where the guy wakes up, and he's the same - but everyone else is different!which one?they were all like that!why'd you take away my scholarship, mister costanza?well, steven, i, uh these are my new friends - the van buren boys.
oh nice.
i want my scholarship back, so i can be a city planner.
what about architect, steven?yeah, well, you got that straight! real au jus sauce! ll make a note of it.
yeah?ohh kay! well, you know, i had bob saccamano on the phone, and i suddenly realized that i- you can't tell that story now.
 it belongs to peterman.
what do ya mean?you signed the release.
yeah.
he sat in mud.
 not you.
but i did sit in mud.
 t! you never sat in mud! i was all dirty!it ever happened! understand? wooh-hoo-hoo-hoo!what? you're gonna go now? hey, woah! i don't  kramer, kramer! i got big trouble with the - with the van buren boys.
hey, now, they're tough cookies.
yeah, and i - i heard you got on their good side.
 now, what'd you do?uh ah,  kramer, do you know what those guys are gonna do to me?!yeah, well, uh you know uh, you didn't hear from me, but, uh, the van buren boys - they never hassle their own kind.
you mean, like, a former member?these kramer stories are unusable! look, this is a list of things in his apartment!is my toaster oven on there?how am i ever gonna turn this into a book?well, just shape them - change them.
 you're a writer.
yes! i'm a writer.
make them interesting.
interesting! of course! people love interesting writing!well, i gotta go to the airport.
 i'm picking up my parents.
what? wheren't they just here?yeah.
 i'm flying them in to meet ellen.
 i don't know where to turn! i gotta see what they think of her.
maybe we could all have dinner later?i don't think so.
 i'm gonna try to get them to fly right back tonight.
oh, hey! hey, have i told you about my bunions? oh, you're gonna love this story! kramer, this is awful! we don't want to hear about this!damn!what?oh, i bought a bunch of bunion stories from newman - but they all stink!how much did you pay for them?eight bucks! i think i got ripped off! oh, what didn't you like about the first chapter?well, it started out nicely: i'm returning some pants.
 a very identifiable problem s where the story takes a most unappealing turn.
oh, no, no! that's where it gets interesting! don't you see? the - the train is bearing down on you, you - you dive into a side tunnel - and you run into a whole band of underground tunnel dwellers!it just seems so cliched, and obvious.
 it's not interesting writing.
yeah yeah.
 i know.
 um how about if, instead of diving from the train, you uh, you, i don't know, you slip and, and fall in some mud, and ruin your pants? i have a cosmo kramer on line .
 peterman, here.
mister peterson, you gotta sell me my stories back!you want to know something? i no longer need them!no, no.
 mister peterman, why don't we keep them - as a, as a reference?nonsense! woderfully imaginative mind to spin my stories.
 you take back your tales, you vagabond!yippie-yi-yay! and, by the way, when you get to that chapter about my romantic escapades - feel free to toss yourself in the mix.
hey, van b.
 boys.
so, mister costanza, did you get my scholarship back?now, fellas, fellas easy.
 you wouldn't want to beat up on one of your own.
right the sign.
 that's not the sign.
 it was when i was banging!love to! and after college, i got my masters at the sorbonne.
sorbonne? oh, hey.
 s in paris.
  so? what do you think?jerry, she's fantastic.
i knew it! i'm not crazy.
she's so sweet, and she's got some body on her!and smart! like a computer!and so much personality! but, it doesn't matter what we think.
 do you like her? m not so sure.
well, she's times better than that awful amber girl that you were with.
yeah, amber i wonder if she's back from vegas alright, alright! seinfelds!hey, george!shhh! listen, you gotta do me a favor.
 give me your wallet.
 i'll give it back to you later.
how're your folks?eh, they're trying to pick out a new couch - you don't want to know.
 ll spill your guts right here on the street!what did you say?come on, hurry up, old man! i'm an animal!you're being very rude.
 come on, morty.
 tell your parents we said hi! look how dark it's gettin already.
well, it's not daylight savings time yet.
when does it start? t know, they just tell you the night before.
uh.
 well, i'm sick o waiting.
 ahead riiight now.
 t cause any problems oh, god, it's mike moffit oh now, don't tell me you're still mad at him for calling you a phony.
 jerry, that was five years ago!i'm not a phony an i don't want anything to do with this guy.
hey! mike! ?!fine.
 an i'm not just sayin that guess what? i just started my own business.
 i'm a bookie!no openings in arson? m your guy.
 ah no no no.
 no bets for me, i uh, i got a disease.
i'm feelin a bit queasy myself.
 maybe i'll see you in another five years.
 kramer.
 jerry still mad about that phony thing?you kidding? it's all water near a bridge.
hey, what time you got? s aaalmost six.
whoa--uh--i'm really late.
 oh! these designs look great! peggy, you really saved me.
oh, it was no problem.
 em.
 thanks, susie.
you won't believe this but, as i'm leaving, she calls me susie.
'i don't see you as a susie.
 sharon maybe.
what am i, a--a bulimic, chain-smoking, stenographer from staten island?who are you describing?someone i know.
named sharon?i'd rather not say.
hey.
 s in the bag? newww tuxedo.
 for the pinstripe ball.
 steinbrenner is throwing a huge party at tavern on the green, heh!kind of a yankee prom? s a ball.
you taking allison?yes, of course i'm taking allison.
 this woman is genetically engineered to go to a ball.
 tall, blonde, lithe--live?lithe.
live? lithe!oh, lithe!well, you two'll have a great time there.
it can't be worse than this.
mmm!an wait'll you see the dress that she's got.
 it's backless! uh?! i'm finally gonna make a great entrance!backless? ya gonna back her in?elaine, when a woman makes a ball entrance she twirls.
she's not gonna twirl--she'll twirl.
that is what mr.
 steinbrenner wants.
 he wants, everyone, ta, twirl around.
 all right.
hey! uh--listen--did you get your--uh--boss's knick ticket, for kramer? oh! great!uh.
 say, george--woo! courtside! is that the best you could do? ha ha! george.
 we need to talk.
what?i really, think we need to talk.
 uh-oh.
she wants to talk.
she doesn't want to talk, she needs to talk.
nobody needs to talk.
who would want to.
 she tried to end it with me, jerry.
what'd ya do?i told her i was out o soda, i went out to get some, an i never went back.
 all night?!yeah, i slept at my parents house.
and she wants to break up with you ha! lunch with her right now at pomodoro.
uh-oh.
 everybody breaks up at pomodoro's.
'so? what'm i gonna do?you really like this girl.
no.
 i like the ball! this is my one chance to make a great entrance! my whole life! i have never made a great entrance!you've made some fine exits.
 all right so what do you do? you can't keep avoiding her.
 out, she has to gooo to the ballll.
 hey, oh--listen.
 did you get my ticket from allison--yeah, yeah, right here.
 all right! yeah courtside whoa! don't let this girl get away   you owe mike a hundred dollars.
what for?well i put a bet down for ya on tonight's game.
 yeah, if the knicks beat the pacers by more than thirty-five? it pays ten to one.
 oo-oo! that's some sweet action!but i don't want any sweet action.
'well, i couldn't do it: i got a gamblin problem.
so you put down my money?! t have a problem.
not that, no susie.
 susie! uh hi, peggy.
 um look, i should have said this yesterday, but--did you get this memo from elaine benes?yeah.
 see that-- t fired that dolt.
 she practically ran the company into the gro-ound.
well.
 well, i thought she did a pretty good job i heard she was a disaster, suze-- s su-zie.
 my name, is su-zie! george, pick up.
 i know you're screening for allison.
 hey.
so, coffee shop?no, i can't.
 she knows i go there.
 it's not secure.
    ha ha!can you believe this woman? about ya behind your back--and right to your face!no.
 suze! i mean, suzie! 'suzanne! 'suzanna.
 fine! but there is no, way, i'm gonna be a suze.
no.
 no suze.
 backseat bimbo?!who are you describin'?someone i know!named suze?no, still sharon! hey, i thought you went to the game.
no.
 i was kicked out for fightin with one of the players.
 wait.
 way--way--way--way--way--way--wait! who?! w--reggie miller.
cheryl miller's brother?yeah.
 hey--hey--hey--wait, wait, wait, wait! what happened!  --wait, whoa--whoa--whoa--whoa!--well--wait--wait--wait--wait! what do you mean involved'?! the game.
so that's it?well i, well i, felt, pretty bad about everything an uh, then the three of us, we went to a strip club.
 can you believe that?i didn't know cheryl miller's brother played basketball.
 ten to seventy three!what--of course, without reggie miller, it's a blowout!no, jerry--that's thirty-seven points! the knicks covered! you won! see, that's a cooool-g, daddy-o--now you gotta let it riiiide!on what?! yeah, all right.
 ssssh--ah! they just closed! oh.
 too bad.
mr.
 peterman? you wanted to see me?apparently peggy--down in design?--got into a liiiittle bit of a tiff yesterday with somebody named, susie'?su-sie?yes.
 between you, me and the lamppost.
 and the desk.
 peggy says this suze isn't much of a worker.
 s susie.
nevertheless, elaine.
 the house, of peterman is in disorder.
 first thing tomorrow morning i want to see you, peggy, and, susie right here, in my office.
 --all of us?allison.
 hi.
 uh--listen: i'm really sorry about what happened at the game last night.
 listen--could i have a ticket tonight--'cause the rockets are in town an that, hakeem olajuwon? ohhh--he's got a real attitude.
kramer? have you seen george, around? i can't get a hold of him.
oh, yeah, yeah.
 well, he--uh--visits the guy across the hall from me like every ten minutes.
oh yeah? t at home.
 hey.
 jerry.
hey mike how bout those knicks? t pay you.
why not?'cause i don't have the money mike.
 you say you're a bookie? you take a bet an then you can't pay? i don't know, mike, to me it sounds a little, how you say phony'?just give me til friday.
 please.
 please!you know, you're supposed to be the bookie.
 act like one.
i'm sorry.
 uh--oh here--let me give you a hand with that.
 something wrong with this trunk.
oh.
 let me see.
so--ah, kramer.
 why'd you ask me out to dinner? why pomodoro? allison spoke to me, and um.
 she wanted me to speak to you.
 uh-oh.
we all know that this relationship isn't working.
 so allison an i think that the best thing to do is just make a, clean break.
can't we discuss this? re ready for a serious relationship! t even know you wanted to get serious!  are you?wha--me? no! no.
 but she is.
i, i can't believe this is happening!george, we're sorry.
krama.
 please.
 m sorry-- just hold on a minute.
 still one short.
oh.
 no, we're not--susie has been very rude to me.
well, elaine, has nothing but good things to say about susie.
look.
 me and her, have had our problems.
 she and i have had our problems! you and i, and she and you--don't you drag me into this! this is between you and her, and her.
 yes! and i am convinced that if she were here with us today, she would agree with me, too.
who.
 her?where is she?!ah--this is part of the problem!iiii thought i was, part of this problem.
 s core, this is a susie-and-elaine problem that requires, a susie-and-elaine solution! and, who better to do that than elaine and susie! susie and elaine!well, now that we have that cleared up why don't the three of us have lunch.
 she is the best.
 what was your name again.
mike's outside.
 he wants to talk to you.
well why doesn't he just come in?because he's scared, jerry.
why is he scared.
 yeah, but--uh--ah--ah! you broke his thumbs.
it was an accident.
oh, is that what you call it when, somebody doesn't pay up? take it! t want it that way.
nuh! okay jerry, how about if mike fixes your truuunk, we call it even, an this way, nobody has to get hurt.
 fine oh--uh--thank you, jerry, thank you! i won't forget this, i'm gonna fix your trunk good--real good!see that was nice, jerry.
 m the one who broke your trunk.
ah, it's just a car.
hi.
 hi.
it's, funny runnin into you here.
yeah, yeah  do i? thanks you too ooo, yeah s nice seeing you again, all right-- ll call you sometime.
george, it's over.
 it's just it's over.
  what do you think, jerry.
 t know, i just see you guys together.
thumbs! oh! help! somebody, help! help!so peterman bought it? i can't believe you got away with that!well, i'm very fortunate to be surrounded by such stupidity.
yeah, i know how you feel.
do you hear something?what?oh, the trunk's broken, it's rattling.
jerry, i don't know how much longer i can keep this up.
 they're starting to give susie assignments now!well, there's only one thing to do.
 eliminate her.
what? get rid of susie.
 make her disappear.
i kinda like her.
she's gooone.
jerry-- that bumper sticker.
 m in trouble krama.
 open up! i--i know you're in there! s the matter with you  s only four huh?i--i've been, walkin around all night i've been thinkin about allison and me an you--oh.
 oh, george.
please.
 give me another chance.
 all right.
 m gonna make you both so happy!all right, all right, i'll see ya later.
  woooo!elaine! where's susie? i want her to head up our new fingerless glove division.
 oh, but i thought i was in line for that assignment.
mmmmm--nah.
all right, then, i was gonna wait, to tell ya this, but last night, susie she took her own life  george back--what?!he's gonna make us very happy.
 look at this turnout.
 where did susie find the time to meet all these people  s not gonna come close to this.
 susie? m elaine.
but i've been calling you susie.
oh! hadn't noticed! excuse me.
 i guess i never met susie.
 her too.
what can you say about a girl like susie? hey.
where's uh, where's allison oh, allison, she didn't want to come.
but you took me back.
well, yeah, i did, but she's a tough nut.
 how d'ya like the tuxedo.
 it's a rental but i've had it for fifteen years.
 all right, eh.
 where are you goin' the ball, silly.
 in there.
george.
 i thought you were gonna change.
 for her.
 not for you.
 ll talk about this when we get home all right, look--wait--wait--krama--wait, wait a minute, you are not.
 you are not goin in.
 ah-ahhh!wow! what an, entrance! and eh, who might this be?oh, i'm with him.
oh.
 ah-ha and also, much like me, susie hated going to the, market.
elaine! may i say a few words.
oh, god, yes, mr.
 peterman.
  ll ever be able to forget susie--ahhh.
 and most of all, i will never, forget that one night.
 working late on the catalogue.
 juuust the two of us.
 and we surrendered to temptation.
 and it was pretty good.
 but iiii never heard her cries for help.
 nowww susie is gone.
 she was murdered, by jerry, sein-feld! not only that, i broke his thumbs.
elaine? guess what.
 i've decided to form a charitable foundation, in susie's honor.
 and as susie's best friend, i want you to be involved.
mr.
 peterman s me   suuuuuuuuuuze!what are you doing? all right, all right.
 what's the matter with that? what about that one?robert vaughn, the helsinki formula?he was good in man from uncle.
guess whose birthday's comin up soon?i know, i'm having my root canal the same week.
oh, right.
 i hope you have a good oral surgeon because that can be very serious.
 hey, look at naked people.
no, i don't wanna see the naked people.
been a while?i have a vague recollection of doing something with someone, but it was a long, long time ago.
i think my last time was in rochester.
 my hair was a lot shorter.
i remember that it's a good thing.
 someday, i hope to do it again.
 what?what?what was that look?what look?the look you just gave me.
i gave a look?yes.
what kind of look?i know that look.
then what was it?why should i tell you?well, you're the big look expert.
 i wanna see how smart you are.
trust me.
 i know the look.
 so what?what about the look?i don't know.
you got something on your mind?no.
 things pop into your head.
 you?things occur to me from time to time.
yeah, me too.
 well, you can't expect to just forget the past completely.
no, of course not.
i mean, it was something we did.
 probably about, what? twenty-five times?thirty-seven.
yeah, we pretty much know what we're doin in there.
 we know the terrain.
no big surprises.
nope.
what do you think?i don't know.
 what do you think?well, it's something to consider.
yeah.
i mean, let's say we did.
what if.
is that like the end of the world or something?certainly not.
why shouldn't we be able to do that once in a while if we want to?i know.
i mean, really, what is the big deal? we go in there.
 s not complicated.
it's almost stupid if we didn't.
it's moronic.
absurd!of course, i guess, maybe, some little problems could arise.
we, there are always a few.
i mean, if anything happened, and we couldn't be friends the way we are now, that would be really bad.
devastating.
because this is very good.
 and that would be good.
 that would be good too.
 the idea is combine the this and the that.
 but this cannot be disturbed.
yeah, we just wanna take this and add that.
but of course, we'd have to figure out a way to avoid the things that cause the little problems.
 maybe some rules or something.
huh.
for example, now, i call you whenever i'm inclined and vice versa.
right.
but if we did that, we might feel a certain obligation to call.
well why should that be? oh, i have an idea.
 i have an idea.
 no call the day after that.
beautiful.
 let's make it a rule.
all right, sir.
now here's another little rule.
yeah.
when we see each other now, we retire to our separate quarters.
 but sometimes, when people get involved with that, they feel pressure to sleep over.
 when that is not really sleep.
 sleep is separate from that.
 and i don't see why sleep got all tied up and connected with that.
okay, okay.
 rule number two.
 spending the night is optional!well now we're gettin somewhere.
what about the kiss goodnight?tough one.
 you're call.
it's brug-wa .
fine.
 well.
well.
you ready?ready.
so think you can handle this?definitely.
 hey.
hey.
got the paper?not yet.
no paper?i haven't been out yet.
well, what's taking you so long? what's the deal with aquaman? could he go on land, or was he just restricted to water?no, i think i saw him on land a couple times.
 so how's the job situation goin'?still lookin'.
 it's pretty bad out there.
 what about you?nothin much.
 i slept with elaine last night.
oxygen! i need some oxygen! this is major.
i thought you'd like that.
oh, this is huge!i know.
all right, okay.
 let's go, details.
no, i can't do details.
you wha?i can't give details.
no details?i'm not in the mood.
you ask me here to have lunch, tell me you slept with elaine, and then say you're not in the mood for details.
 now you listen to me.
 i want details and i want them right now.
 i don't have a job, i have no place to go.
 you're not in the mood? well you get in the mood!all right, okay.
 we're in the apartment watching tv.
where are you sitting?on the couch.
next to each other?no, separated.
time?around eleven.
okay, go ahead.
so she's flipping around the tv, and she gets to the naked station.
oh, see? that's why i don't have cable in my house.
 because of that naked station.
 if i had that in my house, i would never turn it off.
 i wouldn't sleep, i wouldn't eat.
 eventually, firemen would have to break through the door, they'd find me sitting there in my pajamas with drool coming down my face.
 all right, all right.
 so you're watching the naked station.
and then, somehow, we started talking about, what if we had sex.
boy, these are really bad details.
it pains me to say this, but i may be getting to mature for details.
oh i hate to hear this.
 that kind of growth really irritates me.
well.
 i'll tell you though.
 it was really passionate.
better than before?she must've taken some kind of seminar or something.
this is all too much.
 so what are you feeling? what's going on? are you like a couple again now?not exactly.
not exactly.
 what does that mean?well, we've tried to arrange a situation where we'll be able to do this once in a while and still be friends.
 where are you living? are you here? are you on this planet? it's impossible.
 it can't be done.
i think we've worked out a system.
oh, you know what you're like? you're like a pathetic gambler.
 you're one of those losers in las vegas who keeps thinking he's gonna come up with a way to win at blackjack.
no, this is very advanced.
 we've designed at set of rules that we can maintain the friendship by avoiding all of the relationship pitfalls.
sure, all right.
 tell me the rules.
okay.
 no calls the next day.
 go ahead.
you ready for the second one?i have tell you, i'm pretty impressed with the first one.
spending the night.
 optional.
no, you see? you got greedy.
no, that's the rule.
 it's optional.
i know less about women than anyone in the world.
 but one thing i do know is they're not happy if you don't spend the night.
 it could be a hot, sweaty room with no air conditioning and all they have is a little army cot this wide re not going anywhere.
i think you're wrong.
i hope i am.
is this yours or the roommate's?the roommate's.
would she mind?she keeps track of everything.
well, that's too bad, cause i'm takin it.
thanks.
well, guess i'll get going.
oh.
well, i got that root canal tomorrow morning.
 it'll be easier if i go home.
fine, go away.
i don't understand.
 is there a problem? s a problem.
just go.
i'm having surgery tomorrow.
oh, surgery.
 you're going to the dentist.
but you said, it can be very serious.
okay, so fine.
 go.
what happened to the rules? remember? sleeping over was optional.
yeah, it's my house, it's my option.
it has nothing to do with whose house it is.
oh, of course it does.
 hi.
hi.
oh really?uh, tina? could you excuse us for just one second?what are you doing?i can't go if you're mad.
i'm not mad.
you seemed a little mad.
no, no.
 jerry, i'm fine really.
 it's okay.
so you're okay with everything?definitely.
 are you?definitely.
 well, goodnight.
goodn-- re you doing?what?rules.
what about jewelry? that's very nice gift.
no, no.
 i have to be very careful here.
 i don't want to send the wrong message.
 especially after the other night.
maybe i'll get her some jewelry.
no, no.
 you can't get her anything better than me.
 whatever i spend, you have to spend half.
what am i supposed to get, a bazooka?you don't understand.
 i'm in a very delicate position.
 whatever i give her, she's going to be bringing in experts from all over the country to interpret the meaning behind it.
what does she need? maybe there's something that she needs.
i think i heard her say something about a bench.
a bench? what kind of a bench?i don't know, but she mentioned a bench.
what, like at a bus stop?i don't know.
like a park bench?i have no idea.
who puts a bench in their house?forget the bench.
i got it.
 you wanna get her something nice? how bout a music box?no, too relationshippy.
 she opens it up, she hears that laura's theme, i'm dead.
okay, what about a nice frame? with a picture of another guy in it.
 frame says i care for you, but if you wanna get serious, perhaps you'd be interested in someone like this.
nice looking fellow.
what about candle holders?too romantic.
lingerie?too sexual.
waffle maker.
too domestic.
bust of nelson rockefeller.
too gubernatorial.
 let's work on the card.
maybe you won't like it.
oh, how could i not like it? of course i'll like it.
you could not like it.
just the fact that you remembered means everything.
of course i remembered.
 you reminded me everyday for two months.
 oh, the card.
 cash?would do you think?you got me cash?well this way i figure you can go out and get yourself whatever you want.
 no good?who are you, my uncle?well come on.
 that's $ right there.
 i don't think that's anything to sneeze at.
let me see the card.
 hey.
 oh, elaine.
 i'm glad you're here.
 stay right there.
 i'm gonna be right back.
 pal? you think i'm your pal?i said, and more.
'i am not your pal.
what's wrong with pal? why is everyone so down on pal? oh, what is this? you got me something?yeah.
 open it.
oh kramer that's pretty good, huh?great.
remember when we were standing there and she mentioned it? i made a mental note of it.
well goody for you.
oh yeah, i'm very sensitive about that.
 i mean, when someone's birthday comes up, i keep my ears open.
 so what'd you get her? bucks.
cash? you gotta be kidding.
 what kind of gift is that? that's like something her uncle would get her.
 s glory most begins and ends and say my glory was i had such a friend.
 yates.
oh kramer.
 could you excuse us please?what?we're talking.
oh, the relationship.
 you know, we never had one fight before this deal.
i know.
never.
ever.
we got along beautifully.
like clams.
it was wonderful.
a pleasure.
so i think we should just forget the whole deal, and go back to being friends.
i can't do it.
you what?i can't do that.
you mean it's no this.
 no that.
 no this or that.
 oh, boy.
 hmmm.
 what do you want?this, that, and the other.
oh, sure.
 of course, you're entitled.
 who doesn't want this, that, and the other?you.
 well those birthdays.
 i told you.
 they're relationship killers.
 if a relationship is having any problems whatsoever, a birthday will always bring it out.
i never should have made up those rules.
what is it about sex that just disrupts everything? is it the touching? is it the nudity?it can't be the nudity.
 i never got into these terrible fights and misunderstandings when i was changing before gym class.
you know what this means? i can't see her anymore either.
why?it's break up by association.
 besides, she's mad at me anyway because of my birthday present.
what did you end up giving her? dollars.
sorry about that.
so what're you gonna do?well, if i call her, there's no joking around anymore.
 this is pretty much it.
so, maybe this should be it.
could be it.
she seems like an it.
she's at it as you get.
 imagine bumping into her on the street in five years with a husband.
 and she tells me he's a sculptor, they live in vermont we'd have to kill him.
we'd get caught, i'd get the chair.
i'd go to prison as your accomplice.
 i'd have to wear that really heavy denim.
 go to the cafeteria line with the guy who slops those mashed potatoes onto your plate.
 go to the bathroom in front of hundreds of people.
plus, you know what else.
you better call her.
hey.
hey.
you got the paper yet?yeah.
well where is it? hey, you done with that?no.
well, you're not reading it now.
all right, you can take it.
 but i want it back.
oh yeah.
 so, ah, what're you guys gonna do today?ah, this.
 and that.
and the other.
boy, i really liked the two of you much better when you weren't a couple.
 morning.
morning.
hope you don't mind baking soda flavour.
 t this stuff just shut up?i'm gonna grab you a towel.
ooh-oohso?so? she used the toothbrush!you said you grabbed it outta there real fast, right?yeah.
so i'm sure whatever germs it landed on were knocked out, and by the time the rest of them realised what was going on, you had already grabbed it out.
how many years of med school did you have?was she mad?you didn't tell her.
jenna's like me.
 she's very finicky? prissy? fastidious?i'll take fastidious.
what is that?ahh, steinbrenner gave em to us, in honour of phil rizzuto being inducted into the hall of fame.
holy cow!they don't actually have to squeeze his head to get him to say holy cow', do they?just the last few innings of a double-header.
hey.
 look at this.
 i'm in the passing lane of the arthur berkhardt expressway, going seventy and dragged this thing for five exits.
why didn't you pull over?well i was draughting behind a semi.
 i didn't wanna lose him.
 the infrastructure, jerry, it's crumbling.
holy cow!well, look at that.
 a talking nixon.
china panda.
yeah, i'd like to place an order.
ah yes, what you like?this supreme flounder, it says first time served in america.
 is that true?what number?forty-seven.
yeah, first time.
 what else?uh, that's it.
address?seventy-eight, west eighty-sixth street.
 apartment three e.
that's southside.
 sorry, we don't deliver below eighty-sixth.
i'm not below.
yes you are.
 street itself is boundary.
your guy can't cross to my side?if we deliver to you, then what? eighty-fifth street, wall street, mexico, eighty-fourth street.
alright, fine.
 i'll just cross and meet him.
sorry, food only for those who live within boundary.
  china panda.
 d like to place an order.
ah, what you like?well, i'm a poppa.
bring it on.
 nothing's throwing me at this point.
 well, as of today i am a proud parent of a one-mile stretch of the arthur berkhardt expressway.
oh, that adopt-a-highway thing.
yeah, i'm part of the solution now jerry.
 yeah, i went down there and i checked it out this morning.
 here, take a look.
 mile one-fourteen.
aw, looks just like you.
aw, i'm beaming jerry.
so what d'you have to do? pay to keep it clean?they try to push you into using their cleaning crew, with all their so-called maintenance equipment.
that old scam.
yeah, well that's why i'm doing it all myself.
 this parenting isn't about delegating responsibility, it's about being there.
at the side of the road, with a pile of garbage.
quality time.
keys.
 i can't find my keys.
you lost phil rizzuto's head?!have you seen em?no.
dammit!c'mon, retrace your steps.
 what d'you do today?i got up, i was supposed to go to work, i came here instead.
right.
well, they're not here.
 you'll have to dig up your spare set.
i don't have a spare set.
 all my keys say do not duplicate'.
so?so you can't duplicate em.
sure you can.
 such a sweet kid.
oh.
 oh, hi.
 china panda? why you waiting on the street and not in your apartment?i thought that i would meet you halfway.
you really live here?oh yeah.
 ll see you.
 t fair.
 this is address discrimination!well, i cleaned out their whole dental hygiene shelf.
so the plan is to secretly sterilise her mouth?by the time i'm through with her mouth, she'll be able to eat off it.
 is it safe to drink bleach if you dilute it?no, stings the throat.
 anyway, so i was coming along here, and i felt like a piece of cake, you know? but then i thought, it's morning, i should really have a muffin.
 i like those chocolate chip ones.
 then i figured, well, they're really both cake.
 so i, uh, i sat on that bench for a little while, twenty minutes or an hour, and then i figured, check and see what you were up to.
 wait a minute, wait a minute.
 the broad jump! the broad jump over the pothole on eighty-sixth street!now i remember, as i jumped over the hole i heard a, like a jingling sound.
you didn't look down?i was trying to stick the landing.
 was right around here.
no! no!!holy, holy cow!poor son of a bitch.
it's a hundred thousand revolutions a second.
 it's the most powerful one they make.
it's like i'm holding a blender.
the engine's made by mcdonnell-douglas.
oh no, you keep going.
 it shuts off automatically.
 really, it does? when the battery runs out.
 i was really happy with my old toothbrush.
no, trust me, that one was doing more harm than good.
 don't forget to use the plax too.
that stuff tastes like bleach!i don't know anything about that.
mmm.
 my mouth feels so clean.
that's the idea.
you know, maybe we better not.
 i, i think i'm getting a little cold.
 i don't wanna give you any of my germs.
aww.
 okay.
 thanks, i guess.
you still couldn't kiss her?she has a taint.
 i can't see it, but i know it's there.
oh, so now you're finding fault on a sub-atomic level.
maybe if i could shrink myself down, like in fantastic voyage, and get inside a microscopic submarine, i could be sure.
 although if there was something there, it might be pretty scary.
 course, i would have that laser.
jer, do you see where this is going?being really clean and happy?jerry, you have tendencies.
 they're always annoying, but they were just tendencies.
 but now, if you can't kiss this girl, i'm afraid we're talking disorder.
disorder?and from disorder, you're a quirk or two away from full-on dementia.
 hey, there it is.
shall we stop and say hi?nah, we've seen it.
yeah.
 ll see you back at the house!mile one-fourteen, clean as a whistle.
yeah?hi.
 i'm your neighbour, uh, fr from across the street.
 and uh, t be too much trouble, if i could use your apartment to order some food?wha? what d'you want?you see, there's this certain flounder and they won't deliver it to my side of the street.
wh, when is that?no, i just need them to deliver it here and i have to be kinda inside is all.
who are you with?no, actually i'm i'm just kind of hungry.
who let you in?well, the lock was broken.
 you just have to jiggle it, actually.
 but, i just need like a half an hour to an hour.
what's with the signs?hey, you should see the berkhardt, jerry.
 my mile is spotless.
 i mean the big stuff was easy.
 cinderblocks, air-conditioners, shopping carts em into the woods.
yeah, that stuff's all natural anyway.
 em.
hey.
 so, keys?no keys.
 and i been calling the city all day.
 course there's not really a number to call if you wanna make a pothole.
i guess they leave that up to the general population.
i tell you this.
 if the real phil rizzuto was down there, this wouldn't be happening!hard to say.
hey, you need some roadwork done? cos i met some maintenance guys today on the highway, they could probably help you out.
really?oh yeah, yeah.
 i borrowed some cones from them when i was sweeping my car-pool lane.
yeah?it's jenna.
if you guys wouldn't mind, i would like to ward off dementia.
you think you could hook me up with these guys?oh yeah, yeah.
 give me a ring tomorrow.
 i'm gonna be at emergency callbox seven-eight-four.
seven-eight-four.
hey.
hi.
how you feeling?good.
 my cold's gone, and i've been looking forwards to kissing you, which i'm ready to do now, if you are ready.
what?!nothing.
 i just, i uh, i bruised my lip.
 i was drinking a celray, and i brought it up too fast and i banged it into my lip, t able to tell you before you could use it.
what?i'm sorry.
when were you gonna tell me this?!obviously never.
i need the yield sign.
kramer, i'm kind of in the middle of something.
 would you get these signs out of here, please?you could've introduced me.
i wouldn't know where to start.
 hey, jenna.
 hey!there.
 now something of yours has been in the toilet.
what?! wha what'd you put in there?gotta run.
oh, man! hello, jenna, did you dunk the spatula? was it the spatula? hello? dammit!she won't even give you a hint?no.
 could be anything.
 the whole apartment's a biohazard.
you know what i bet it is? your remote.
yes, that is a definite possibility.
 or, could be your walkman there.
are you just screwing with me?yeah, i am.
hey ah.
hey, how's life on the road?oh, i'm making a difference jerry.
i don't doubt it.
you should see the smiles on the drivers faces.
 i mean, you gotta look quick, but they're there.
what's this?well, you know, those annoying little bumps on the lane-lines? isn't that some kind of safety thing?well, i had to pull em up if i'm gonna widen the lanes.
what the hell are you talking about?ah, you know how in planes they got first class? more leg room, better ride? well, i'm bringing that concept to mile one-fourteen.
how are you gonna widen the lanes?well you black out lane-lines one and three, and a four-lane highway becomes a two-lane comfort cruise.
 so, you got any black paint? yeah, in my toolshed, next to the riding mower.
 d like an order of supreme flounder, number forty-seven.
 yeah, apartment one-q.
one-q? whose apartment is that?that's the janitor closet, across the street.
you're pretending to live in a janitor's closet, just to get this flounder?it's better than eating it alone in the restaurant, like some loser.
that stuff is unbelievable.
 i'd eat it out of a dumpster.
 re not in the delivery zone.
well, newman uses his mail truck to run fish for china panda on the weekends.
well, mine's coming in ten, so see you boys.
now, where's that tool shed of yours?hi.
 sorry, i didn't hear you.
 i was in the shower.
i'll see you.
you costanza?yeah.
 thanks for, thanks for coming by fellas.
 eh, got a set of keys, buried in the pothole.
what're the keys doing in there?just need to uh, to dig em up.
you put em in there?nah, nah, it's uh, it's a long story.
 just uh, try to get it up.
bad place to put your keys.
yeah, i know that.
 could you start, working?difficult job.
 you want those keys, we're gonna have to dig this up.
 is this about money?yeah.
 s about money.
'scuse me, what are you doing in there?uhm, nothing.
 i was just uhm i wasn't in there.
you were hanging around in there, lazing on the job.
 when you shoulda been downstairs in the basement, cleaning out those old carpets and scrap wood.
right, because i'm the janitor.
 don't get smart with me.
 am.
hey, and if you're heading north on the arthur berkhardt, whoah nelly, for some reason four lanes are converging into two, instantaneously right at mile-marker one-fourteen.
 i don't know what that is, but the a-b's a parking lot out there.
 somebody screwed up on that one.
oh it's you.
is the flounder here yet?no, it's not here yet.
 you want the tour? s this.
nice.
 french doors'd really open this place up.
 oh, but you have a slop-bucket.
 the fish!ah, what're you doing here?hey.
hey.
oh, i was uh, i was waiting downstairs for the jackhammer, thought i'd drop by.
kramer's guys?yeah.
 i got em down to fifty bucks.
 i just have to do all the jackhammering myself.
oh that's nice, kind of a hard-labour fantasy camp.
ow!uh, man!huh, yeah.
 you have any paint thinner? i need like uh, forty gallons.
i'm plumb out.
oh man, if i don't get that black paint off the city's gonna go ape.
 i don't wanna lose my baby!janitor? ve gotta get out.
here, can you move, you gotta move from the door.
hi, i uhm what can i do for you?i told you yesterday to haul that trash outta the basement.
yeah, i am so sorry.
some of the children have been playing near it and putting it in their mouths.
well, a lot of it is vegetable get that stuff outta there today, or you'll be outta here.
 understand? am.
 stop pushing.
 kramer spilled ammonia.
i don't feel like eating.
 m gonna borrow this, huh? s meeting.
so jerry, why'd you call me?well, i thought it's about time we put aside all this silliness.
 i know now you didn't put anything in my toilet bowl.
 did you?yes, i did.
well, whatever.
 so, how've you been?good.
good.
 steak knife?just eating away at you isn't it?nah.
hi.
hi.
hi.
hi.
 jerry, can i borrow your car?for what?i have to haul some dirty garbage to the dump.
dirt? that's alright, s nothing wrong with dirt.
well, actually it's pretty grimy.
grime, grease, filth, funk, ooze.
 whatever it is, you take that stuff and put it right on my leather upholstery.
well, i don't know who you are, but thanks for the car.
sure.
 bye.
bye.
bye.
bye.
there, you see? i just leant her my car, and she's gonna fill it with all sorts of alright! you win! that car was my last germ-free sanctuary.
 i slept there last night! now, for the love of god, please, what is it? what is it?!toilet brush.
toilet brush, oh .
 alright, i can replace that.
you wanna order dinner?yeah.
 let's uh, go to your place.
 because i, threw out all my dishes.
that's true.
mm.
but, i'll tell you this much.
 i am never going to let some silly hygienic mishap get in the way of, what could be, a meaningful, long-lasting relationship.
do you hear something?i don't know what that could be.
holy cow!anyway, i'm a new man, and i'm looking towards the future.
 clean, dirty, whatever.
holy cow! have a nice life.
hey, look at this.
 wide lanes.
 this is so luxurious.
 woo, yeah.
bugger! re once.
 twice.
 three times a lady.
what the hell was that?double bugger! re once.
 twice.
 three times aaah! aaagh! aah-aah.
 oh, oh the humanity! aaagh!hey buddy.
 what're you doing out here?man, did you see that fireball? woo-hoo-hoo, hoo-hoo.
hey, i gotta skedaddle.
 you wanna lift?newman! newman!!well, i'll meet you at the coffee shop.
you know at the movies, they show that little ad for the concession stand?where the cartoon candy's dancing and the milk dud's playing the banjo?he's wailing on that banjo.
yeah.
i just don't understand the raisinettes.
the sax player?yeah.
yeah.
the box of raisinettes runs up to the concession stand, buys another box of raisinettes.
so?box of raisinettes eating another box of raisinettes? it's perverse.
he's not gonna eat them.
 he's buying em for his pepsi girlfriend.
why's he dating a pepsi? they're not having children.
he's a musician.
musicians.
 get a real job.
what d'you want?ah, i've had everything on the menu.
 uh, surprise me.
 neil.
neil.
 m supposed to meet my boyfriend here.
 he looks just like you.
 really? yeah.
 like me?uh-huh.
 sorry.
 like me? but how?here's your halibut omelette.
 surprised?yes, yes, i am.
look what i got for you, for your florida trip.
 crazy shirts was closing em out.
 i got a dozen for a buck.
saved a fortune.
 look at that.
 heyy.
 .
yeah.
 s in medium.
 perfect.
hey.
hey.
hey.
hey.
 you ready?almost.
okay, look, uh, when you're in florida, can my cigar guy drop off some cubans for me at your parents house? m gonna be busy.
aw, c'mon man.
 help a brother out.
 alright.
yeahh.
 i owe you one.
 re even.
jerry, figure this out.
 i'm in the coffee shop, and this beautiful girl i could never even talk to, mistakes me for her boyfriend.
 s a nice four seconds.
 this! this is what her boyfriend looks like.
 how is that possible?maybe he has money.
 t.
 maybe he and i are exactly the same, except for one minor, yet crucial, detail.
 you never know.
 sometimes you do.
maybe it's some small thing i could change.
 like a moustache.
 or wearing a top hat, or a monocle, or a or a cane.
 s she dating? mr peanut? she could do a lot worse than mr peanut, my friend.
so, what d'you wanna see? what about sack lunch? s up for all those oscars.
oh, c'mon blaine.
 i mean, look at the poster for sack lunch.
it's a family in a brown paper bag.
 t you wanna know how they got in there?no.
 aww.
 sold out.
 oh, two for the english patient.
so d'you think they got shrunk down, or is it just a giant sack? m the guy who looks like neil? hi.
huh-hi.
 uhm, is neil here?oh, no.
 he got held up at work.
oh, that's too bad.
 i kinda wanted to meet him, seeing as how we look so similar.
well, you know, you don't look that much like him.
 oh.
 course not.
no, you're a little taller.
you look like you're in better shape than neil.
 do you work out? t mean to seem forward  but is there any way that i could possibly have neil's phone number? god, that movie stunk!i kinda liked it.
 t.
elaine.
 elaine, did you just see the english patient? t you love it?how could you not love that movie?how about, it sucked?that ralph fiennes, i would give up my firstborn for him.
 huhh, getting the short end of that stick.
jerry, this is del boca vista's new physical fitness room.
 they got medicine balls, you can bike ride, anything you want.
stairmaster?what?nothin'.
 m wearing?oh, did you get that outta my bag?no, your mother found it.
 son, this is the most wonderful and thoughtful thing you've ever done for me.
you know, i bought you a cadillac.
 twice.
hoh, here he is.
 this is the man i wanted you to see.
 izzy mandelbaum.
 he's eighty years old, but strong as an ox.
 watch this.
see that? you couldn't do that.
i could, but i choose not to.
hey morty.
 s this?this is my son jerry, from new york.
 he thinks he can lift more than izzy.
 t say that.
 hey, izzy, this kid says he can lift more than you can.
your kid's pretty funny, morty.
 should be a comedian.
 actually, i am a comedian.
that's not so funny.
 re better than me, huh?izzy used to work out with charles atlas in the fifties.
 eighteen-fifties?yeah, that's it.
 it's go time.
 s see you lift that.
 mr mandelbaum, i c'mon, c'mon.
 pump it! alright.
yeah, wrong attitude.
 you're not bringing that trash into my house.
there.
 alright?step aside, stringbean.
i'll show you.
 we're gonna take it up a notch.
 ah! my back.
 ugh.
 aaaahh.
somebody, call an ambulance.
 s room for one more.
 yeah, good.
 re you guys doing here?we just saw the english patient again.
it's even better the second time.
they make it longer? got my umbrella.
 blaine!?elaine.
i thought you were busy tonight.
 t like the english patient.
it's just a stupid movie.
 m talking about.
 s go.
 enjoy sack lunch! i will! how could you do that to mr mandelbaum? you should be ashamed of yourself.
 he egged me on.
you should be more mature.
he's eighty! okay.
 tomorrow, jerry and i will visit izzy and apologise.
 now, goodnight.
 s too tight.
this shirt will never leave my body.
 goodnight.
 alright.
 seven-thirty, got the place to myself.
jerry seinfeld please.
ah, you must be kramer's guys.
 come on in.
 you got the cigars?what cigars?kramer said i was supposed to bring him back some cubans.
 we are the cubans.
yeah, hello, jerry's place.
 re human beings, from cuba?!i said cubans.
 what'd you think i meant?cigars!jerry, cuban cigars are illegal in this country.
 that's why i got these guys.
 re making your own cigars now?yeah, yeah.
 i got investors all lined up.
 hiya dad.
 who are they?they're cuban cigar rollers.
 t tell your mother.
what is that bubbling sound? are you making your tomato sauce?hot and spicy.
 re not wearing a shirt, are you?yes i am.
what colour is it?damn!you know, you could've just given me neil's number.
 you you didn't have to take me out to dinner.
i wanted to give it to you in person.
 t have to be up in the morning, and i know a great breakfast place, right around the corner.
does neil like to eat a big breakfast? ll take about it.
 know, i i wanna be home in case neil calls.
well, goodnight.
 ll see you.
rough night?ugh.
 you wouldn't believe it.
 my boyfriend dumped me.
 my friends, who i don't even like, they won't talk to me.
 t like that stupid english patient movie.
really? i thought it was pretty good.
oh, come on.
 good? what was good about it? those sex scenes! i mean, please! gimme something i can use! well, i liked it.
 t work!this is quite a condo.
the mandelbaums own the magic pan restaurants.
the crepe place?yeah.
 this is all big crepe money.
 s crepe money?what are you doing here? aw, mr mandelbaum, i just wanted to come by and tell you how sorry i was that you hurt yourself.
what the hell is that?what?that shirt.
 you think that you are the number one dad?this was a gift from my son.
oh, i see how it works now.
 s number one.
mr mandelbaum, please.
it's go time.
 t move.
call an ambulance.
i think i saw one a coupla doors down.
 so she wanted you to come up, but you left because you thought some guy might be calling you?! some guy.
 some guy? neil! i have got to find out how he could get a girl like danielle.
 ve out-neiled him.
 m neil? how did i do that?i don't know, but you better keep it up.
i'm gonna go meet danielle.
 hahaha! hello.
hey jerry.
 number one here.
 did you go see izzy at the back specialist?i will, i just walked in the door.
you have to go see him.
ma.
helen, will you stop bothering him.
jerry, that shirt is gone right to his head.
number one, signing off.
jerry, i just picked up the cubans at the bus station.
 s going on!?what? re dominicans.
so?so, jerry, if my investors don't get cubans, the whole deal's off.
what's the difference?jerry, once you've had real cubans, there's just nothing else like it.
 re talking about people, right?yes, yes.
 the quality, the texture, the intoxicating aroma.
 these guys don't have it.
i thought they smelled pretty nice.
jerry, your palate's unrefined.
is not.
is too.
is not.
is too.
i'm not having this conversation.
are too.
am not.
are too.
am not.
are too.
another productive meeting.
 by the way, i saw that english patient film last night.
 it was extraordinary.
 oh yes.
 it was so romantic.
 it ravished me.
elaine, what'd you think? t tell you whether i liked it, or whether it really sucked.
 t seen it? no.
that's it! drop everything.
 we're going right now.
again, mr mandelbaum, this back specialist is supposed to be the best.
 so if there's anything else i can do, please don't hesitate to, uh, try and find my number.
uh, oh, wait.
how bout that, huh? the world's greatest dad.
 my son made it for me.
 s very nice.
the best in the world.
 m better than just number one.
well, i don't know how official any of these rankings really are.
hi, son.
 this is your son?i got married in high school.
this is seinfeld's kid.
 you got any kids? look, no-one is lifting anything.
 the television.
 oh no.
 call an ambulance.
 re already in a hospital.
awright, partner.
 let's get down to business.
 ll get the cubans.
they're right out here.
hey, here they are.
 the cubans.
 real cubans.
you wouldn't be trying to sell old earl haffler dominicans in a cuban wrapper now, would you? ve smoked them himself.
 huh.
 re talking about people, right? i think so.
i thought he quit smoking cigars.
well, yeah, yeah.
 but they also rolled for his brother dennis.
 dennis castro?uh, dwayne.
get the hell outta my office.
 what!?you know, neil called me today.
 really?yeah.
 he's pretty upset that i broke up with him to go out with you.
 s neil.
he wants to get together tomorrow night and have coffee.
 i can beat that.
 move in with me.
 what? beats the hell out of coffee.
 and i thought i knew what love was.
 yuh.
 you asked her to move in with you?i gotta stay one step ahead of neil.
 s neil armstrong? m going to mars!what if it's neil diamond? aw, shut up jerry! just shut up!alright, i gotta go back to the hospital.
what, to see the old guy?no, i got into a thing with the son, and now he's laid up too.
how old's the son?i think he's the same age as the father.
what is with this family?i dunno.
 it's like, if one of em dies, the other one wants to bench press the casket.
 hey, jerry.
 datiditadit.
you're cold?no.
 ditadidatidat.
something wrong with your chest? dijadidatjd.
 there.
 where? t look.
over there.
 the dominicans.
aren't they supposed to be rolling cigars?well, it didn't quite work out, and now i've got nothing for them to do.
so?so, i taught em all about cuba, and they really took to it.
 you know, marxism, the worker's revolution, the clothing.
boy, they seem pretty angry about something.
 el presidente!i swear to you, i didn't know they tv was bolted to the table.
he couldn't handle the weight.
 re better than me? re both better than me.
okay.
my dad.
 oh, come on!he was trying to lift the tv.
 s go time.
i still thought you could do it.
fellas, fellas, look, i gotta go.
oh yeah, that's right.
 go.
 put us all in the hospital.
 and you've ruined our business with all your macho head games.
 t ruin your business.
yes, you did.
 there's nobody there now at the magic pan to roll the crepes.
 we gotta close it up.
 t you hire people to do that?each crepe has to be hand-rolled by a mandelbaum.
 that's what puts the magic in magic pan! em?yeah.
 ll see you later.
here.
you think you're better than us, don't you?! huh!?elaine, i hope you're watching the clothes, because i can't take my eyes off the passion.
 die!! t like the movie? i hate it!!shh! oh, go to hell!! re fired.
 ll wait for you outside.
he was gonna fire you?the only way i could talk him out of it was that i agreed to go and visit the tunisian desert.
tunisia?that's where they filmed the movie.
 it's supposed to inspire me.
well, that doesn't sound so bad.
i have to live in a cave.
 these dominicans really know their way round a crepe.
 look at that.
 it's like they're rolling a double corona.
 just a cigar made outta bisquik, huh, guillermo?i'm very happy with george.
 i'm sorry neil, it's over.
come on, let's just eat our crepes.
 aaghh!! my face! neil!why are the crepes spraying? s why you gotta get real cubans.
danielle.
 where's neil? is this him?yeah, that blueberry crepe burned him pretty badly.
 whose cane is this?it's neil's.
 so, we meet at last.
 i admire your skills, mr peanut.
well, danielle, we should get going.
 i got a key made for you.
george, i can't move in with you.
 what?i'm sorry, but i'm taking neil to a clinic in england.
 ll burn my parents!sorry george.
 george.
 i win.
ladies and gentlemen.
 in just one moment, we'll be showing our feature presentation  no, no, no, no, no.
 the comedy hit, sack lunch, starring dabney coleman.
 ah, right! aw, this is shaping up.
excuse me, please.
oh, sure.
 ooh.
ladies and gentlemen.
 because we have been exploited by your magic pan crepe restaurants  we are hijacking this plane to cuba!everyone stay in your seats.
 and shut that movie off! aww, nuts!oh, boy i was up to four in the morning watching the omen trilogy.
that's good stuff.
i can't to myself.
 i'm exhausted.
can you grab a nap at work.
not with that big glass window looking out into the hall.
 i'd love a good nap.
 that's the only thing getting me out of bed in the morning.
 i'll see ya'.
bye.
so what are you doing now?i'm going to take a little stroll through the park.
with a gentleman caller?yes, his name is hal.
the walking date is a good date.
 you don't have to look right at the other -person.
it's the next best thing to being alone.
shower?no, pool.
 i just swam laps.
you are kidding.
look at hose babies [hands].
 they're prunes.
 i saw conrad going up to oyur place.
oh, yeah, that's right.
 those new kitchen cabinets.
 how is that coming?a little slow.
 i've got to hold this guy's hand on every little decision.
hey, kramer, listen, you've seen the omen right?what exactly was that kid?who, damien? nothing, just a mischievous, rambunctious kid.
oh, george, have you seen the american league directory? it is a big green book.
 oh, thanks kiddo.
well i don't care.
 it was delicious.
wanna sit down?oh, i don't sit on park benches.
 they're very bad for the back.
really?i threw my back out about years ago.
 ever since i have been very careful.
 i only buy furniture in the ergonomics store.
oh those places have the stupidest names.
 like, uh, back in , or good vertibrations'.
not this one.
 it's called the lumbar yard'.
oh, jerry are you okay with this hinge?yeah.
i can get you any kind you want, you know.
 four holes, three holes, two holes, bronze, no hinge at all.
you know, why don't we just go with the one in your hand?oh, these are different.
drop one.
 .
 .
 .
 left!jerry, look at my eyes.
a little less beady today.
because i'm refreshed.
 i finally found a way to sleep in my office.
 under the desk.
 i lie on my back.
 i tuck in the chair.
 i'm invisible.
sounds like a really cool fort.
jerry, do you want a flat edge on this molding or do you want me to bevel it?i'll tell you what i would like you to do with it.
conrad, is it?conrad, connie, or con, whatever you prefer.
uh, let me ask you a question.
 could you, uh, expand the space underneath a desk to give it a little more headroom?he's kind of tied up here.
it'll have to be a night job anyway.
 you don't normally work after dinner, do you?there is no normal, whatever jerry wants.
 he wants me here late, i'm here late, he wants me here early, i'm here early, he .
 .
 .
why don't you just work on george's project for a while?whatever you want.
so how was wednesday's walk in the park with hal.
uh, it was okay,.
 he's coming over later to watch a movie.
 hey listen, what's better for your back? couch cushions or a folding chair?i don't know.
uh, maybe we'll just stand and watch the tv.
 [knock knock].
 i gotta go someone's at my door.
 yeah!delivery.
 elaine benes?yeah.
we're from the lumbar yard, we got your mattress.
mattress, i didn't order a mattress.
 who sent this? hal kitzmiller?do you think it might be possible to add a little shelf like, uh, for an alarm clock?you mean like that big?like this.
yeah, i can do that.
thanks.
 you know this could sound crazy but, what do you think about adding a drawer for - like a blanket?blanket or quilt?blanket.
that thick?maybe like this.
like that?yeah, like that.
if that is what you want.
that is what i want.
hey george, you want this cup holder mounted on the left, or the right, or the middle, .
 .
 .
whatever!!.
 .
 .
 .
 oh oh oh this is unbelievable.
 this is better than my bed at home.
its been a long night.
 you go home and get some sleep.
if that's what you want.
that's what i want.
morning george.
good morning mr.
 wilhelm.
got problems jerry.
what happened?well i had been swimming for three hours and i was in a real grove so i decided to keep going.
 but at ten they start the aquasonics thirty-five geriatrics throwing elbows.
 it was like i was swimming through a flabby armed spanking machine.
how long did that last?a half hour then diving class started.
 well that got a little messy.
 i gotta find a new place to swim cause that pooll can't hold me, jerry.
how was the movie?i cancelled.
 hal sent a mattress to my apartment.
 the nerve of that guy.
why?he's got a back problem.
so you think he was expecting a roll in the supportive hay.
after one date!what's that guy's last name again?kitzmiller.
oh, that's right.
so what are you going to do with the mattress?i don't know.
 chuck it?oh, no no no no i'll take it.
 why don't you come over.
 let's see if it will fit in my bedroom.
oh, all right.
my old one sprung a leak.
you have a water bed?sand! it's like sleeping on the beach.
hi, jerry i'm sorry i'm late.
 george and i have been up working all night long.
 i can make up the time in any number of ways.
how about this? .
 .
 .
 finish this thing up today!couple of questions for you.
no.
 no more questions.
 just figure it out for yourself and get it done.
all right jerry.
 but i can figure it out myself any way you want.
just .
 .
 .
 do it.
costanza? where's costanza? .
 .
 .
 excus&eacute; mois? have you seen costanza?i've seen him around.
um, i'm stuck on this song yesterday.
 i can't seem to get it out of my head.
 i don't know the name of that.
 she's a heart breaker, love taker .
 .
 oh.
 oh .
 .
 .
very catchy.
 you know what? i can't stay awake for that guy.
 what is this? people? um, the most beautiful people people.
 ally selica, nothing wrong with that uh?elaine, your taking this totally the wrong way.
 that's not what ii intended.
well, what did you intend, hal?i just wanted you to have the comfort and report you deserve.
 that's why i had the mattress custom designed for you.
custom designed?they adjust the foam density and spring tension to your body type.
 i estimated your height and weight.
 five eight, about pounds?uh, that is the nicest thing anyone has ever done for me.
so you do like the mattress?oh, i love it.
 i'm glad .
 .
 .
 i kept it.
over there, that's brooklyn .
 that's where spike lee lives.
hey, there's a man swimming in the water.
naw, that's probably just a dead body son.
 you see when the mob kills someone they through the body in the river.
jer.
hi.
well my swimming pool problems are solved.
 i just found myself miles and miles of open lanes.
what is that smell?that's east river.
you're swimming in the east river? the most heavily trafficked overly contaminated waterway on the eastern seaboard?technically norfok has more gross tonnage.
how could you swim in that water?i saw a couple of other guys out there.
swimming?floating, they weren't moving much.
 but they were out there.
 ll just get my spare key from you - whenever.
 all right, bye.
oh, this is a good mattress.
 sniff, sniff, ugh!what is with this guy? i've been waiting three and a half hours.
 should i go? no way jack! ??? at the registrar again, i'll tell you that.
that's what they call me.
oh, well, send them in.
 send the little tykes in.
 little people pony express wow, hello.
jerry, i'm trapped under my desk.
 steinbrenner is in the room.
 you got to help[ me.
who is this?jerry, .
 .
 .
hi,sh, sh, goodbye, sh, get away.
hi, i'm brady.
?? get away??why don't you just have him paged?can't you think of something.
 call in a bomb threat.
a bomb threat? why would i call in a bomb threat?just call!i should have some reason.
hey you kids know tunes; see if this song rinsteinbrenner a bell, heartbreaker , .
 .
 .
 a bomb in the building, oh, m'god.
 quick, everyone under the desk.
boy can you think of what went through my mind when i saw there wasn't going to be enough room under that desk for me and my babies.
i'm sorry sir.
you know what i think? i think you knew about that bomb ahead of time.
what????? about that bomb.
 you climbed under that desk because you have esp.
 george, what's on my mind? .
 .
 .
 meatballs! huh? unbelievable.
 anyway this terrorist had a specific demand.
 not more cheap adjustable hats on hat day.
 he wants fitted hats just like the players wear.
jerry, jerry.
yeah.
what the hell is this? where are you?over here.
 you can see right through here.
what is this.
 it's like you're selling movie tickets back here.
it's kind of cozy.
hey, you're not going to believe what kramer did to my mattress.
 .
 .
 .
 i can't talk to you like this.
 so kramer completely funked up my mattress.
does it smell like the east river?how did you know?because kramer has been swimming laps between the queensborough bridge and the brooklyn bridge.
oh, great!oh man, i'm on the wrong floor again.
hey, thanks for ruining my mattress.
 it reeks.
hey, you know what i think it is? i think it's that east river.
 i think it might be polluted.
well, you really did it to me this time, seinfeld.
 .
 .
 .
 what the hell happened here?hi.
hi.
 look at how obtrusive this is.
it is obtrusive, isn't it?it is very obtrusive.
i don't think it's that bad.
you can't get a stool in here.
no the stools go over there.
no, that's no good.
 i'm leaving.
i'm with you.
 i'm going back to my place.
fitted hat day! that's what you asked steinbrenner for?you mean they're actually doing the fitted hats? cool.
guess who he put in charge of fitted hat day? me.
hey look at you.
yeah, look at me.
 now i gotta figure out the hat sizes of , different people!! what if a pinhead shows up.
 i gotta be on top of that.
no knock offs.
 i want the ones like the real players wear.
??? knock offs.
 i not going to do it! and you're going to call steinbrenner back and cancel the whole thing.
could you at least get a hat for me?fine? what size?seven and five eighthsseven and five eighths!!why are you shouting?i don't know.
 it's this place.
 i'm very uncomfortable here.
so are you liking the mattress?i am totally loving it.
 uh, you know we should um get going.
what is that smell?what smell?i think it's the mattress.
 did something happen to it.
no no, oh, you know what that is? i um, went claming the other day and i forgot to hose off my boots.
claming?yeah, clam and scallop.
 i clam and scallop.
yes, yes, come in.
sir, i just got a call from the terrorist.
 i told him to call back here.
just let me ask you something.
 is it february or february'? because i prefer febuary and what is this ru'?let me put that on speaker phone.
hello are you the bomber?yes this is the terrorist bomber.
costanza here is busting his ass on those hats.
think i've changed my mind.
you don't want them, then goodbye.
??? sir.
well what do you want instead?what?well, you're the terrorist.
 you're going to want something.
i guess it would be nice if you called all the ticket holders if the game was going to be rained out.
all right george, you can handle that.
costanza what the hell are you doing?you have to stand tough sir.
 that's why i had to hang up the phone.
you know what i'm going to do? i'm going to run around the stadium and close all the windows.
 that's where i'm going, pal.
 and i'll tell you something else.
 i'm very nervous.
gotta get some of that stuffed crust pizza.
 cheese crust pizza.
it's just more cheese.
i'll tell you something.
 it'll be years before they find places to hide more cheese on a pizza.
 kramer!oh, hey,oh, hi.
 this is hal.
 hal, this is kramer.
 kramer, hal.
hal, uh langerhans.
kitzmiller.
oh, kitzmiller.
 that's rightyou feeling jiff?oh, i'm jiff.
that smell oh, listen i gotta get to the pier.
 the ferry traffic is really bad around four thirty.
 look, i still got the key to your apartment and i'll get it back to you as soon as i can.
oh, baby.
finished.
kramer? can i talk to you a minute?yeah, sure, um, oh boy, .
 .
 .
kitzmiller.
that's it.
you and elaine are pretty close.
oh, we go back a ways.
and you've, .
 .
 .
 how do i put this? you've been in her bed?that's right.
but this isn't still going on.
no, no.
 she put a stop to that.
that's all i needed to know.
 so you actually swim in this thing?oh yeah.
 exercises every muscle in the body.
 it's great for the back.
great for the back.
 right.
four hours in this chop and i'm a full inch taller.
 .
 .
 .
 giddyup.
'heatbreaker, brewbaker, hey george, i remember that tune.
 george? george? um, what's that ticking.
 oh oh.
 oh, oooh, wo wo wo wo .
 [runs out] fire in the hole!i wouldn't believe the lumbar yard wouldn't pick this up.
 ug, oh, okay, .
 .
 .
you want it back the way it was?yeah, that's right.
you know i don't get you seinfeld.
 you want something one day.
 the next day you don't like it.
 come on man, make a decision.
one second.
 hello.
jerry you gotta help me.
 i threw my back out.
just lie down.
i am lying down.
 i am trapped under a funky mattress.
 i gotta go get a doctor or at least come over and roll this thing off of me.
all right.
 i'll be right there.
, conrad i gotta go.
stay, go whatever.
hey, kramer.
what's going on?i told my chiropractor how swimming in the river made my back heal.
 he recommended it to all his patients.
step aside.
he just sunk like a stone.
sir, i'm sure it's not a police matter.
don't be so sure george.
 mess with them and they're messing with you.
 all right boys send it inwhat's that figure ahead? is that anything? okay, let's check the desk.
 that's where i heard the ticking.
 search each one of those drawers starting with the top one.
 so, empty calories and male curiosity, eh, georgie?looks like there's more compartments underneath.
compartments underneath, that's probably where it is.
 okay boys, let er rip.
 i'll tell you what george.
 starting tomorrow no more desks.
 just lucite tables and four lesteinbrenner.
hey, watch where you're kicking!kramer.
elainei can't believe it.
 hey, i'll meet you at the coffee shop.
yeah.
yeah.
hi connie, jerry around?no, and i prefer conrad'.
 so i heard what happened to the desk.
there was something so reassuring about that cozy little space.
yeah, well, whatever.
 see ya'ah, back to normal.
 not bad for four thousand bucks.
 .
 .
 .
 i can't believe i got the low fat!so, marcy, you should've seen me in the hot tub yoday.
why?i was naked.
oh, george.
i saw it.
how'd he look?okay.
 i wouldn't see it again.
you know, a friend of mine thought she got legonare's disease in the hot tub.
really? what happened?oh, yada yada yada, just some bad egg salad.
 i'll be right back.
 i noticed she's big on the phrase yada yada.
'is yada yada bad?no, yada yada is good.
 she's very succinct.
she is succinct.
yeah, it's like you're dating usa today.
 hey.
hey, george, you know tim whatley.
yeah, dentist of the stars.
what's up?i'll tell you what's up.
 i'm a jew.
excuse me?i'm a jew.
 i finished converting two days ago.
well welcome aboard.
thanks.
hey, where you just at the health club?oh, well, i didn't do much.
 i just sat in the sauna.
 you know, it was more like a jewish workout.
 i'll see ya.
 elaine, the guy's jewish two days, he's already making jewish jokes.
so what? when someone turns twenty-one, they usually get drunk the first night.
booze is not a religion.
tell that to my father.
 anyway, guess what? beth lookner called me.
ooh.
 beth lookner, still waitin out hat marriage.
what are you talking about? that marriage ended six months ago.
 she's already remarried.
i gotta get on that internet.
 i'm late on everything.
anyway, beth and her new husband arnie have listed me a reference for an adoption agency.
 they're trying to get a baby.
 elaine, all right, who looks better in this shirt? me or mickey?we're double dating tonight, and if we wear the same shirt we'll look like idiots.
hmm, turn around.
 both so striking.
tell me about it.
 we just picked up two women at the gap.
how did you decide which one of you would date which girl? so i'm on rd avenue, mindin my own business, and, yada yada yada, i get a free massage and a facial.
what a succinct story.
i'm surprised you drive a cadillac.
oh, it's not mine.
 it's my mother's.
are you close with your parents?well, they gave birth to me, and, yada yada yada what?yada yada yada  i like your shirt.
oh, thank you.
 it's cotton, and some wool.
well, you too seem to have the same taste.
well i like it, too.
well i have the same shirt.
yeah, well i'm wearin it.
i like your shirt too.
oh, so do i.
oh.
 anything to drink? some wine, perhaps.
i like merlot.
i love merlot.
i'm crazy about merlot.
i live for merlot.
we're out of merlot.
so you, uh, know betha and arnie pretty well?oh, yeah, yeah.
do you socialize with them often?yeah, we got out to dinner a lot.
 usually chinese, well sometimes thai.
 and we go to the movies, arnie's a real film buff.
oh.
actually, i remember this one time, um, this is funny.
 um, we went to see the movie striptease.
 i don't know if you've seen doesn't matter.
 anyway, i was whispering something to beth, and arnie leens over to me, and he goes, would you shut up?! i mean, he barely even knew me.
 where did he get ah-- but they're nice people.
 oh, you're in here.
what're you doing here?i knew you had an appointment.
well this is very awkward.
i'll leave when the guy comes in.
 i gotta tell you, i am loving this yada yada thing.
 you know, i can cross over my whole life story.
 hey, you don't play with that.
 that's going in my mouth.
hey, what this thing? whew!all right, that's enough.
 now get going.
 get outta here.
 hey, tim.
 quick question.
 is it normal for your teeth to make noises, like a hissing or a chirping?george um fine, i'll make an appointment.
 all right, it is cavity time.
 ah, here we go.
 which reminds me, did you here the one about the rabbi and the farmer's daughter? huh?hey.
those aren't mahtzah balls.
tim, do you think you should be making jokes like that?why not? i'm jewish, remember?i know, but jerry, it's our sense of humor that sustained us as a people for years.
 .
 , even better.
 okay, chrissie.
 give me a schtickle of flouride.
and then he asked the assistant for a schtickle of flouride.
why are you so concerned about this?i'll tell you why.
 because i believe whatley converted to judaism just for the jokes.
 would you be interested in a subscription to the new york times?yes.
 i don't believe that.
if you had gotten into the backseat of the car we could've figured this whole thing out.
why were you holding the door open for?not for you! who holds a door open for a man?well, i thought it was a nice gesture.
 but i guess i was wrong!let's just put they're names in a hat.
i don't even know their names! look, why don't you just take the one that was on the left?i'm not sure she was my type.
oh, everybody's your type.
what the hell does that mean?you've been married three times.
that's it, it's go time! all right, take it easy.
hey, hey, hey!come on, let him go.
 you want throw? let's throw!hey! hold on a second.
 all right, look, i got an idea.
 why don't you just show up early for your next date, sit across from each other, and see who the girls sit next to.
that's not bad.
all right, so we let the girls decide.
yeah, why should we knock ourselves out?yeah, i wanna wear that shirt next time.
no, no one wears the shirt next time.
that's right, cause they already saw it.
we'll look like idiots.
 well, we were engaged to be married, uh, we bought the wedding invitations, and, uh, yada yada yada, i'm still single.
so what's she doing now?yada.
speaking of ex's, my old boyfriend came over late last night, and, yada yada yada, anyway.
 i'm really tired today.
beth, arnie, hi.
 what's up?well our adoption application was denied.
really.
the adoption agent seems to feel that arnie has a violent temper.
oh.
so we're just asking our friends what they may have said to the adoption agent.
uh, you know, i just told them what kind people you are and, uh, yada yada yada, that is it.
how you doing?i have a discomfort in my molar.
 well, the curtis, why don't you come in? whatley.
 what are they doing here?i told you we should've gotten here a half hour early.
all right, all right.
 now what're we gonna do?all right, don't panic.
 let's just decide now.
 which one do you want?all right, i'll take julie.
i knew you wanted her.
 that's who i wanted.
all right, i'll take karen.
no, no, you think i'm fallin for that? i'll take karen.
all right, which one is julie? so whatley sayd to me, hey, i can make catholic jokes, i used to be catholic.
'you see, i don't think it is a catholic joke.
 i think it's more of a raquel welch joke.
 what was it? no, i said hand me the buoys.
 bouys!don't you see what whatley is after? total joke telling immunity.
 he's already got the two big religions covered, if he ever gets polish citizenship there'll be no stopping him.
so what're you gonna do?i think this father curtis might be very interested to hear what whatley has the pope doing with raquel welch.
 s elaine.
 um, thought you guys might wanna have lunch.
 gimme a call.
 bye.
they're not getting a baby so you're taking them out to lunch?thought it would be nice.
poor beth.
hey, arnie's just as upset.
oh screw him! listen to this.
 marcy comes up and she tells me her ex-boyfriend was over late last night, and yada yada yada, i'm really tired today.
 you don't think she yada yada'd sex.
 d sex.
really?yeah.
 i met this lawyer, we went out to dinner, i had the lobster bisk, we went back to my place, yada yada yada, i never heard from him again.
but you yada yada'd over the best part.
no, i mentioned the bisk.
well, i gotta do somethin'.
 well, i gotta do somethin'.
george is already in there.
 m thinking of asking that karen out by myself.
i thought you were leaning towards julie.
i was, but the one i thought was julie turned out to be karen.
well it was a helluva yada yada.
he's moving to seattle.
 we wanted to say goodbye, i was just getting out of the shower, and yada yada yada--all right, enough! enough! from now on, no more yada yada's.
 just give me the full story.
okay.
tell me about the free facial.
okay, well, like i said i was on rd avenue, and i stopped by a large department store.
which one?bloomingdale's.
very good.
 go on.
oh, and i stole a piaget watch.
what's that?and then, i was on such a high, that i went upstairs to the salon on the fifth floor, and got a massage and facial, and skipped out on the bill.
shoplifting.
well, what about you? you told me that you were engaged.
 what was the rest of that? excuse me, mother?sister.
sister, right.
 do you know when father curtis has office hours?well not until tomorrow.
hmm, i really need to speak with him.
that's a kneeler.
oh.
 tell me your sins, my son.
well i should tell you that i'm jewish.
that's no sin.
oh good.
 anyway, i wanted to talk to you about dr.
 whatley.
 i have a suspicion that he's converted to judaism just for the jokes.
and this offends you as a jewish person.
no, it offends me as a comedian.
 and it'll interest you that he's also telling catholic jokes.
well.
and they're old jokes.
 i mean, the pope and raquel welch in a lifeboat.
i haven't heard that one.
oh, i'm sure you have.
 they're out on the ocean and, yada yada yada, and she says, those aren't buoys.
 father one second well, if it would make you feel better i could speak to dr.
 whatley.
 i have to go back and have a wisdom teeth removed.
you know the difference between a dentist and a sadist don't you?um newer magazines.
now if you'll excuse me.
 jerry, i gotta talk to you.
hi.
hi, kramer.
got a minute?uh, actually my parents are over, but, would you like to meet them?sure.
 mom, dad.
hi.
elaine, i have to ask you something.
 what exactly happened down there?well, i don't know.
 i mean, i talked to him and, blah blah blah, he asked about you guys and, da da da da da, more questions, bleh bleh bleh .
all right, shut up!again you are telling me to shut up?what?you yelled that time at the movies.
 that's why you're not getting the baby.
oh my god.
 how am i gonna tell beth?look, i'll go down and talk to this adoption guy and i'll make sure that it all gets worked out.
all right, just don't screw it up this time! see, again with the yelling.
 not a fan of the yelling.
 oh, are you about done?i'm just getting warmed up.
 because i'm just a sadist with newer magazines.
huh?father curtis told me about your little joke.
what about all your jewish jokes?i'm jewish, you're not a dentist.
 you have no idea what my people have been through.
the jews?no, the dentists.
 you know, we have the highest suicide rate of any profession?is that why it's so hard to get an appointment?so, i'll uh all right.
 date with karen?no, julie.
 she's the one.
what happened to karen?well, mickey and her have a lot more in common.
 you know her parents are little people?oh, small world.
 so little people can have not little people children?oh yeah, and vice versa.
 mother nature's a mad scientist, jerry.
so you won't believe what happened with whatley today.
 it got back to hime that i made this little dentist joke and he got all offended.
 those people can be so touchy.
those people, listen to yourself.
what?you think that dentists are so different from me and you? they came to this country just like everybody else, in search of a dream.
kramer, he's just a dentist.
yeah, and you're an anti-dentite.
i am not an anti-dentite!you're a rabid anti-dentite! oh, it starts with a few jokes and some slurs.
 hey, denty! next thing you know you're saying they should have their own schools.
they do have their own schools!yeah!one little baby, whatever you have in stock.
miss benes look it, look it, ryan.
 these people are gettin a baby.
 period.
 now we can do this the easy way, or we can do this the fun way.
jerry, i'm sorry to bother you, but you always said you'd be there for me.
well, what's wrong?i'm thinking of leaving arnie.
talk to me.
he met with elaine, and i asked him what happened, and he yada yada'd me.
 i mean, could he be having an affair?well, i wouldn't put anything past anybody.
but we just got married.
well obviously that was a mistake.
 you need to forget about arnie.
 the important thing is you're moving on.
why would elaine do that to me?forget about elaine.
 let's just focus on us.
 come on, big hug.
 hey jerry.
 where's kramer? i've got exciting news.
i'm kinda in the middle of something.
karen and i are getting married.
oh, congratulations.
 her marriage just fell apart.
 how many is that for you?two.
you're a lightweight.
 come on, honey.
hey jerry.
 what are you doing here with beth?beth and arnie broke up.
so they don't want a baby? pff.
 hey, where's marcy?she, uh, went shopping for some shoes for the wedding and, yada yada yada, i'll see her in six to eight months.
 hey, kramer, over here.
i just assume not sit next to you.
kramer oh look, there's mickey and his parents.
nice looking family.
very handsome.
 how ya doing?hey kramer.
oh mickey.
 excuse me, i can't take this.
 hi, mr.
 abbott.
that's dr.
 abbott, d.
d.
s.
 tim whatley was one of my students.
 and if this wasn't my son's wedding day, i'd knock you teeth out you anti-dentite bastard.
what was that all about?oh, i said something about dentists and it got blown all out of proportion.
hey, what do you call a doctor who fails out of med school?what?a dentist.
 that's a good one.
 dentists.
yeah, who needs em? not to mention the blacks and the jews.
 where's beth?she went out to get her head shaved.
we are gathered her today to unite this couple in holy matrimony.
those wisdom teeth are tough to get out.
marriage is not an intervention to be entered lightly yada yada yada, i pronounce you man and wife.
  i really wanted you.
uh, excuse me.
be with you in a minute.
 no, you shoulda come last night, it was fun.
uhm, i just have a question.
 i know, the margaritas in that place are so strong.
 d like to buy these hirachis.
 on? hey!!listen, i'll call you back.
 yes? what can i do for you? nothing.
 you, just lost a customer.
ready to go? i don't wanna miss the previews.
me neither.
 i love the previews.
 in fact i enjoy being in the theatre cut up .
i think that i was in that theatre.
 that, that was really funny.
yeah, it got a good laugh.
 let me just check my messages before we go.
so you're on the speed dial?after two dates!what number?seven.
wha! you know, it's a pain to change that.
 you gotta lift up that plastic thing with a pen.
uh, hey buddy.
hey.
it all right if i keep these here for a while? i'm having a new year's eve party.
you're gonna keep these here for eight months?!no, jerry.
 new year's eve nineteen ninety-nine.
 the millennium.
 i told you about that.
kramer, you're gonna leave these chairs here for two and a half years?!you're not gonna see em.
 i got a case of party poppers i'm gonna keep in front of em.
hey, so get this.
 i get a call this morning from one of the mets front office guys.
 they wanna take me out to lunch.
what for? m on a winning ball club, jerry.
 they probably wanna pick my brains.
really, why d'you think they're taking you out to lunch? i have no idea.
alright, i have had it with those mayans.
i don't mind the mayans.
 i was trying to buy these hirachis, right, and the saleswoman just completely ignored me.
what, we talking hirachis? i know a great store for hirachis.
no, no, not putumayo.
no, no.
 cinqo de mayo.
 s one sixty-fourth mayan.
 m starting to get a little nervous about this lunch.
what'd you have?yeah, i'm gonna keep these here too, huh? they'll be alright.
 kramer, these balloons aren't gonna stay filled till new year's! s.
 those are my everyday balloons.
george, we'll be blunt.
 the mets need somebody to head up scouting, and we think that someone might be you.
 head of scouting?interested? m still here.
now, unfortunately, league rules prevent us from making you an offer while you're still under contract.
you understand what we're talking about?so you're talking no, no.
we're talking.
 we're just, talking.
so, you need me to get fired.
we didn't say that.
we couldn't say that, because even if we did  we couldn't say that we said it.
you see what we're saying? you are still paying for this lunch? t say that.
hi.
 sorry i'm late.
 there's a lotta chairs and balloons in my apartment.
 how bout i make it up to you with dinner? someplace nice this time?yeah, i'm sorry about that mongolian barbecue last night.
 i'd heard good things.
 s.
lemme just check my messages.
 maybe a nicer girl called.
hello?hello? who's this?jane.
 what number did you dial?seven?hey! see these?  meet the mets  meet the mets.
 come on in and greet the mets.
good meeting?there was no meeting.
 but it was quite a meeting.
 you are looking at the next director of mets scouting.
 the only thing is, i have to get fired from the yankees first.
you can do that.
of course.
 but i really wanna leave my mark this time, you know, uh.
 i wanna walk away from the yankees with people saying wow! now that guy got canned!'so you want to go out in a final blaze of incompetence?ehh.
 remember that summer at dairy queen where i cooled my feet in the soft-serve machine?you think people will still be using napkins in the year two-thousand? or is this mouth-vacuum thing for real?so, george yeah.
 m number nine on the speed-dial.
so?so? i used to be seven.
 i dropped two spots.
what, she's ranking you?yeah, this speed-dial's like a relationship barometer.
what is a barometer exactly?it's pronounced thermometer.
you know, in the year two-thousand, we'll all be on speed-dial.
 you'll just have to think of a person, they'll be talking to you.
 it'll be like, wup getting a call here.
 hey, how you doing, newman? oh, you wanna talk to jerry? t have to do that.
 i mean, the dinner, and the play, and the hansom cab ride.
well, i just wanted to you forgot the gift certificate to barnes and noble.
oh.
 you know, make a good impression.
i'm gonna go put these in some water.
i like the way you think.
oh my god! number one!! seinfeld, you magnificent bastard!sorry i'm late, but look what i found in the yankee hall of pride display case.
isn't that babe ruth's uniform?is it? huh, strawberries, anyone? s good.
 ooh, juicy this time of year.
gotta get the good ones.
oh, that's bad.
 that's bad.
so jerry, my millennium party's really coming together.
 will people be able to breathe underwater in the year two-thousand?some of us.
 t wanna exclude anybody.
hola.
shove it!what is all this?i got all this junk at cinqo de mayo, because i was trying to show putumayo how much business they'd lost.
 i mean, i been dancing and strutting in front of their store for two days.
ah, no wonder we're getting so much rain.
elaine, i'm having a millennium party, so save the date.
hey, you know what? newman sent me an invitation already, to his party.
newman?yeah.
 come celebrate the millennium, with newmanniun.
 newman!hi valerie.
you're not valerie.
i'm her step-mother.
 drive.
it's taken me thirteen years to climb up to the top of that speed-dial, and i don't intend to lose my spot to you.
but, i never  you just stay away from that phone.
you wanted to see me, sir?i heard about what happened at the meeting this morning oh, yes.
 i already packed up my desk, sir.
 i can be outta here in an hour.
 and i have to tell you, it's exactly what this organisation needed.
we wanna look to the future, we gotta tear down the past.
 babe ruth was nothing more than a fat old man, with little-girl legs.
 and here's something i just found out recently.
 he wasn't really a sultan.
 ah, what d'you make of that? hey, check this out.
 t be flopping and twitching.
hey, how bout some lunch.
 what're you going for?you know uh, valerie, i uh, couldn't help but notice that i'm on your speed-dial.
you deserve it.
but i can't help thinking that maybe there's someone in your life who deserves it more.
 someone you've known, you know, more than a week.
my stepmother got to you, didn't she?what? no.
uuh, i can't believe she did this again.
 that's it! she's off the speed-dial completely!yikes!well, i just got your invitation to the newmanniun party.
you just got it? damn, the mail is slow.
 you knew i was having a millennium party, but you just had to throw yours on the same day!i have done nothing unethical.
yeah, well you're gonna have to cancel it, because i've told everybody about my party.
cancel! think again, longshanks! i started planning this in nineteen seventy-eight.
 i put a deposit down on that revolving restaurant that overlooks times square, and i booked christopher cross.
 well, what am i gonna do? i got over two hundred folding chairs, and quite a bit of ice.
 what kind?cubed.
that's good stuff, and you can never have too much ice.
 alright, i'll tell you what i'll do.
 you can co-host the party with me, under one condition.
 no jerry.
 jerry is not invited.
i gotta invite jerry.
 he's my buddy.
that he may be.
 but he's outta my life, starting in the year two-thousand.
 for me, the next millennium must be, jerry-free!how could they not fire you?never thought i'd fail at failing.
aw, come on there now.
 t do anything wrong.
nonsense.
 you do everything wrong.
 everything?everything.
you really think so?absolutely.
 i have no confidence in you.
alright.
 i guess i just have to pick myself up, dust myself off, and throw myself right back down again!that's the spirit.
 you suck! i know.
no, no, no no, listen to me.
 i work in fashion.
 together, we can drive putumayo outta business and make cinqo de mayo numero uno de mayo.
do you need some help with something? re you doing here?i own this store.
no you don't.
 you own putumayo.
 unless you own both stores.
 i'm gladys mayo.
ah, this really sticks in my craw.
well, mrs hamilton, it's certainly nice that you and valerie patched things up, so we could all get together like this.
 where is valerie?i'm sure she'll be along.
 have some wine, jerome.
okay.
you know jerome, i can understand what valerie sees in you.
 so attractive, so strong, so comedic.
uh, good.
jerome, i have a deliciously naughty idea.
 what?why don't i put you on my speed-dial?i don't know, mrs hamilton.
 that doesn't sound don't be such a child, jerome.
 how's number three sound?valerie's not coming over, is she?seven, four no two stop, stop.
 this isn't right.
 what about valerie?i won't tell if you don't.
 wuhh jerry newman two-thousand  newmanniun!! jerry?alright, yankees, two.
 orioles, nothing.
 wait a minute! a short stocky bald man is streaking across the field.
oh my god, george!check that.
 he's not streaking.
 he's wearing a flesh-tone body-stocking.
 apparently, he's a bit bashful, and oddly, no-one seems upset.
kramer, look, it's george.
everyone loves him.
yeah, yeah, i know.
 s party.
 fine.
 s got the jump on the invites, and will crush me if i try to go it alone! no problem.
 t do it without you.
 i feel so ashamed i even thought of it, huh.
 s newmanniun.
 okay.
no, no, no.
 you gotta spend new year's nineteen ninety-nine with me and jerry.
 fine.
 oh come on!! alright.
 ll uh, see you two in the twenty-first century.
 okay.
 kramer, kramer, wait a minute.
 do you still have that pricing-gun?yeah.
okay, i need you to help me put putumayo outta business.
can do.
what're you doing with a pricing-gun?that place is about to have the sale of the century.
 nothing over ninety-nine cents.
 still a rip-off.
hello?jerry, i was just at my stepmom's house, and i saw that you were on her speed-dial.
uh, well, she uh, probably just wanted to be able to keep tabs on you.
hold on a second.
hello? hi jerome.
oh, mrs hamilton, this is a very bad time.
 i've got valerie on the other line.
 just a second.
hello?that's her on the other line, isn't it?well tell her i don't want you on her speed-dial.
hang on.
she knows about the speed-dial.
 mrs hamilton, you gotta get me off this thing.
i won't, until she puts me back on hers.
hang on.
she wants to be back on yours.
fine.
 but only if you're off hers.
hang on.
fine, if i'm off yours.
no, still me.
sorry.
 hang on.
fine, if i'm off yours.
i won't do it.
 it's my speed-dial, and i don't trust her.
please, mrs hamilton, this is very awkward for me.
 ll hide you in one of the emergency buttons.
 great, bye.
she said she'll do it.
great.
hang on.
hello?jerry.
 i can't get fired.
hey, body-suit man.
 s up? hey, body-suit man.
hi, i'm h.
e.
 pennypacker.
 i'm a wealthy american industrialist uh, looking to open a silver mine in the mountains of peru and uh, before i invest millions in a lucrative mine, i, i'd like to go a little native.
 uh, get the feel of their condiments, of their unmentionables, you know, the real uh, gritty-gritty.
well, lemme show you what we have.
well uh, i think i can just browse around on my own.
 hmm, macchu picchu.
 are these free?yeah.
hmm-mmm.
some of those are women's clothes.
oh, not a problem.
attention steinbrenner and front-office morons! your triumphs mean nothing.
 you all stink.
 you can sit on it, and rotate! this is george costanza.
 i fear no reprisal.
 extension five-one-seven-oh.
l'occupado.
come on, what is taking you so long?elaine, i broke the price-gun, so i had to move to plan b.
plan b? there is no plan b.
 i took these out of every single garment in the store.
what?!they're dessicates.
 see, they absorb moisture.
 em.
that's not gonna do anything.
patience.
alright.
 forget it!what?you have screwed me again, pennypacker!ladies, care for some chips? t mind if i do.
well, i've uh, i've changed my mind.
 i think i'm going to build a rollercoaster instead.
i heard what you did in the parking lot, big boy, and it is in-excuse-a-bull.
 you personally insulted me, my staff i cannot believe that you, body-suit man, could perpetrate such a disloyalty.
 breaks my heart to say it oh, who am i kidding? i love it.
 you're fi wait, wait, mr steinbrenner.
 george doesn't deserve any of the blame for what happened in the parking lot today, sir.
 if there's anyone to blame here, it's me.
what're you talking about, wilhelm.
 you popping pills? you got the crazies again?no, no.
 no, no, sir.
 i ordered george to drive around insulting people today.
 because i'm tired of all your macho head games.
 m tired of all your macho head games!macho head games? s just being loyal to me, sir.
wilhelm, you're fired.
 i owe you an apology, body-suit man.
 streak on.
 s gotta bring in forty bucks, no problem.
mr wilhelm, what was that?!i wanted to get fired.
 george, you are looking at the new head scout of the new york mets.
 meet the mets, meet the mets.
 come right out and greet the mets.
i don't know what elaine is so upset about.
 i mean, without dessicates, those clothes'll be noticeably musty in five years.
she never sees the big picture.
hello, newman!hello jerry.
 what did you say to elaine? i just got her cancellation in the mail.
oh, well i guess she found some place better to go.
well, it's her mistake.
 because she is going to miss the party of a lifetime.
well, maybe so, but come midnight, when she's looking for someone warm and cuddly to kiss, i guess you'll be caught between the moon and new york city.
alright.
 come back to my party, please.
jerry too, of course.
 t wanna do your act, or anything, do you?no.
alright then, i guess i can accept a little jerry, if it gets me a lot of elaine.
deal?to the newmanniun!  to the kramennium.
by the way newman, i'm just curious.
 when you booked the hotel, did you book it for the millennium new year? as a matter of fact, i did.
oh, that's interesting, because as everyone knows, since there was no year zero, the millennium doesn't begin until the year two-thousand and one.
 which would make your party, one year late, and thus, quite lame.
aww!i don't feel well at all.
 i feel all dried-out inside.
i'll call for help.
hello?who's this?it's jerry.
 who's this?uh, it's valerie.
oh, hi valerie.
 what's up?i'll tell you what's up.
 my stepmother is violently ill, so i hit the button for poison control and i get you!wow, poison control? that's even higher than number one!hello?hang on just let me pick up a paper.
excuse me.
 would you mind watching my bag for a minute?yeah.
 no problem.
let's go.
woah, i gotta watch this guy's bag.
for how long?i'm sure he'll be back in a second.
come on.
excuse me sir.
 would you mind watching my bag for a minute?where are you going?i'm going to be this guy's friend.
new clothes?yeah.
 i did some shopping.
 some new clothes shopping.
 can i borrow your menu?strange.
 for new pants, there's noticable wear on the buttocks of those chinos.
 wait those are the clothes from the bag!the guy never came back.
he asked you to watch them not wear them.
i'm still watching them.
you look like a tourist.
all right, let me ask you something: when do you start to worry about ear hair?when you hear like a soft russeling.
it's like puberty that never stops.
 ear puberty, nose puberty, knuckle puberty, you gotta be vigilent.
 let me ask you this: do you know where walker street is downtown? i've got a league meeting there.
oh right, the new job, how is it?i love it.
 new office, new salary.
 i'm the new wilhelm.
so who's the new you?they got a new intern from francis louis high.
 his name is keith.
 he comes in mondays after school.
oh hi alex.
i'm sorry i'm late.
 have you ordered yet?no.
i'll be right back.
where are you meeting these women? when they get off the bus at the port authority?right here, george.
 in here.
 ll find the biggest dating scene in the world.
thanks.
 thanks a lot.
hey.
hey.
hi.
where's jerry?well he's in the shower.
 you want me to get him?no.
 no no.
 actually i kind of need to speak to you.
well let's sit down.
kramer, ahem, remember that whole deal with you selling peterman your stories for his book and then he gave them back to you?vaguely.
well i was kind of, hehehe, short on material and i, um, i put them in the book anyway.
you put my life's stories in his autobiography?kramer listen, it is such a stupid book.
 it doesn't matter.
oh no.
 sure.
 it matters.
 wow.
 i've broken through, huh.
 i'm part of popular culture now.
 listen i've got to thank mr.
 peterman.
he's doing a book signing at waldenbooks this afternoon.
waldenbooks? that's a major chain huh.
he jerry, i'm going to waldenbooks.
 t want to live like this.
all right, let's go.
mr.
 lippman, how are you?well i'm not bad.
 not bad.
what are you doing here?i work for pundant publishishing.
 this is our book.
oh.
if you can call it that.
 why is it every half-wit and sitcom star has his own book out now?hey buddy.
 remember me?you're that gangly fellow we bought the stories from.
yeah, i'm just here to do my part.
 what's your name darling?i'm the real peterman.
all right playtime's over.
relax man.
 there's enough juice here to keep us all fat and giggley.
i can't believe somebody pulled the top off of this muffin.
that was me.
 i'm sorry.
 i don't like the stumps.
so you just eat the tops.
oh yeah.
 it's the best part.
 it's crunchy, it's explosive, it's where the muffin breaks free of the pan and sort of s a million dollor idea right there.
 just sell the tops.
i have a right to be here.
 these are my fans.
 hey you're hurting my elbow.
please don't think all new yorkers are so rude.
well actually i'm i'm mary anne.
 i work for the new york visitor's center.
 where are you visiting from?little rock, arkensas.
ooh.
hmm.
 that looks new.
so get this.
 peterman has his henchmen forcefully eject me from the book signing like i'm some kind of a maniac.
 s too bad.
what's the matter with you? nothing.
no, no, no.
 don't give me that.
 i know you.
 something's wrong.
 what is it.
i did something stupid.
what did you do?well i was shaving.
 and i noticed an asymmetry in my chest hair and i was trying to even it out.
 next thing i knew, gone.
don't you know you're not supposed to poke around down there.
well women do it.
 sashey your pretty little self around the town square.
well what am i going to tell alex?listen to me.
 you don't tell anybody about this.
 no one.
 you hear me?um hum.
hey, jerry shaved his chest.
hey!i forgot.
 wait.
 never mind.
how about the beach this weekend?you couldn't pay me enough to go to the beach on a weekend.
 i mean it's hard enough all right.
 all right.
 wow is that a mexican hairless? oh, i love those.
 ooh, hairless.
 this is where it's at.
 it's so much smoother and cleaner.
really?'top of the muffin to you!'?top of the muffin to you.
 elaine!mr lippman?so you're pretending to be a tourist?it's beautiful.
 she makes all the plans.
 i'm not from around here so it's okay if i'm stupid, and she knows i'm only in town visiting so there's no messy breakuphow do you explain your apartment?i got a hotel room.
you moved into a hotel?well i don't know anyone here jerry.
 where else am i going to stay?so get this: we're in the park today alex goes wild for this hairless dog.
so?so.
 i figure since she likes one hairless animal why not another.
oh really.
 you tell her you shaved it?are you nuts? i don't want her to think i'm one of those low-rise briefs guys who shaves his chest.
 hey jerry.
 m starting a peterman reality bus tour.
 check it out.
 hahaha.
reality tour?the last thing this guy's qualified to give a tour of is reality.
this was my idea you stole my idea.
elaine these ideas are all in the air.
 they're in the air.
well if that air is comming out of this face then it is my air and my idea.
you want a muffin or not?peach.
so i notice you don't have much of an accent.
yeah my parents have it.
 sometimes it skips a generation.
look george, i'm really enjoying spending time with you but i'm not sure this is going to work out.
 at some point you're going back to your job at tyler chicken and your three-legged dog willie.
willie.
 yeah.
and i'm still going to be here.
well what if i told you i'm thinking of moving here? george, no offense.
 but this city would eat you alive.
you're moving to new york? that's fantastic.
 i can see you all the time now.
eat me alive, huh? we'll see who can make it in town.
what is it she think you can't do?find a job.
 get an apartment.
how did you do those things?never mind.
 the're done.
 all i have to do now is redo them.
 you know if you take everything i've ever done in my entire life and condense it down into one day, it looks decent.
hey, what were you doing with that bus yesterday?here you go, here you go, check it out.
'the real peterman reality bus tour'.
 i'm confused.
peterman's book is big business.
 people want to know the stories behind the stories.
nobody wants to go on a three hour bus tour of a totally unknown person's life.
i'm only charging $ .
 , plus you get a pizza bagel and desert.
what's desert?bite-size three musketeers.
 just like the real peterman eats.
he eats those?no.
 i eat those.
 i'm the real peterman.
i think i understand this.
 jay peterman is real.
 his biography is not.
 now, you kramer are real.
talk to me.
but your life is peterman's.
 now the bus tour, which is real, takes to places that, while they are real, they are not real in sense that they did not peterman which is you.
understand?yeah.
 $ .
 for a three musketeers.
elaine.
 i'm in over my head.
 nobody likes my muffin tops.
so? what do you want me to do about it?you're the muffin top expert, tell me what i'm doing wrong.
mr.
 lippman, when i worked for you at pendent publishing, i believed in you, you know as a man of integrity.
 but, i saw you in that paper hat and that aprin what if i cut you in for % of the profits?deal.
 here's your problem.
 you're making just the muffin tops.
 you've gotta make the muffin.
 then you pop the top, toss the stump.
 taste.
ah.
 mmmmm.
 ah hah?yeah.
so what do we with the bottoms?i don't know, give em to a soup kitchen.
that's a good idea.
and one more thing, you really think we need the exclamation point? because, it's not top of the muffin 'no.
 no.
 it is.
hey jerry.
 what is this? lady gillette? what's going on?what? can't i get a moment's peace?what are you doing to yourself?i can't stop.
 alex thinks i'm naturally hairless.
you can't keep this up.
 don't you know what's going to happen? everytime you shave it, it's going to come in thicker and fuller and darker.
oh that's an old wives tale.
is it? look at this.
 s all me.
 i shaved there when i was a lifeguard.
oh come on.
 that's genetics.
 that's not going to happen to me.
won't it? or is it already starting to happen?wow.
 look at this.
 we're cleaning up.
oh, rubin, get me another tray of lowfat cranberry.
excuse me, i'm rebecca demore from the homeless shelter.
oh, hi.
are you the ones leaveing the muffing pieces behind our shelter?you been enjoying them?they're just stumps.
well they're perfectly edible.
oh, so you just assume that the homeless will eat them, they'll eat anything?no no, we just thought i know what you thought.
 they don't have homes, they don't have jobs, what do they need the top of a muffin for? they're lucky to get the stumps.
if the homeless don't like them the homeless don't have to eat them.
the homeless don't like them.
fine.
we've never gotten so many complaints.
 every two minutes, where is the top of this muffin? who ate the rest of this?'we were just trying to help.
why don't you just drop off some chicken skins and lobster shells.
i think i might.
i can't believe you found something so quickly.
 how much you pay?$ .
ouch.
 a month?yeah.
well, guess that's all right for now, but if you say here for more than a few months, you're a real sucker.
yeah, well i uh got lots of other stuff to show you too.
 wait till you see the plum job that i landed.
yeah.
 we should let this place air out anyway.
 it smells like the last tenant had monkeys or something.
comming up on the right, if you glance up you can just make out my bedroom window.
 it's the one that's covered in chicken wire.
hey if you're the real peterman, who come you're wearing those ratty clothes? the're not very romantic.
 s your opinion.
forget it.
 okay newman's postal route is around here somewhere.
ahh.
 everyone just settle down.
 we have three hours left on this thing, and i can't drive and argue with you rubes all at the same time.
 okay.
 lomez's place of worship is right on the right here.
why do i have to go on the tour?jerry you're a minor celebrity.
 if you go on this thing, it could create a minor stir.
 bring that girlfriend of your and i'll only charge to bucks.
hey, how's business?ooh, i've got stump troubles.
 the sanitation department won't get rid of them all, i can't get a truck to haul this stuff until next week.
 meanwhile, i'm sitting on a mountain of stumps.
all right, i've got to hose the puke off the floor of the bus.
bus? wait a minute, wait a minute, bus? you've got a bus?yeah.
you got any room on that thing?yeah there are a few seats still available.
do you think you could transport some stumps for me? i'll make it worth your while.
well, if they don't mind sitting in the back.
no they don't.
are they war veterans?wow this is your office.
woah.
 hello.
 sorry george, didn't know you got a girl in here.
 give me a signal on the doornob like a necktie or a sock or something.
 come on george, help me out.
mr.
 steinbrenner, i would like to thank you for taking a chance on a hen supervisor at tyler chicken like our boy george here.
hen supervisor from tyler chicken?yes.
 very nice to have had her to mention wait a minute george.
be right with you.
 look mr.
 steinbrenner.
moonlighting for tyler chicken.
 pretty impressive george.
 days with the new york yankees and nights in arkensas with a top flight bird outlet.
 and a hen supervisor to boot.
 i am blown.
 bloooown away.
 blown george.
 bloooooooooooooooooooown.
you know when you make a pizza bagel, you really shouldn't use cinnimon rasin.
you also shouldn't use a donut.
all right ladies and gentlemen.
 welcome to the peterman reality tour turn music off.
can we just go?and go we will.
what is this? a piece of pound cake?we have a bonus reality stop today.
 we will be hauling muffin stumps to the local repository.
and we're off.
you know i never though he would be able to recreate the experience of actually knowing him, but this is pretty close.
 s been dividing his time between us and you.
 i cannot have that.
 m not giving him up that easily.
oh is that so.
 playing a little hardball huh jonnyboy?how about this.
 you give me castanza, i convert your concessions to all chicken no charge.
 instead of hot dogs, chicken dogs.
 instead of pretzels, chicken twists.
 instead of beer, alcoholic chicken.
how do you make that alcoholic chicken?let if ferment, just like everything else.
that stuff sounds great.
 all right.
 i'll have costanza on the next bus.
hey hey hey hey hey.
 where do you think you're going?i was going to dump this.
it doesn't look like garbage.
well it's muffin stumpswhere are the muffin tops?this is a garbage dump.
 just let me dump it.
can't do it.
is this a joke?that's what i'd like to know about it.
you have a pretty heavy beard, don't you?what's that?well look it's almost time for you to shave again.
oh.
 yeah.
 re going to extend the tour at no extra charge.
where are we going? uh, no more questions.
so, the new york yankees traded you for a bunch of tyler chicken.
dogs, twists, a kind of fermented chicken drink.
hey, aren't you the guy i asked to watch my clothes?what clothes?these clothes.
 the ones you're wearing.
 t let her see me scratch it.
don't worry.
 i've got a good feeling about this dump.
i'm telling you man, i'm losing it.
i can't sit on this bus anymore.
 i think i'll go play with that dog.
i don't know where the tops are.
jerry what's the matter? awoooooo-oooooooo, that feels good.
hey, you looking for george?yeah.
he's been in the bathroom awhile.
 you might want to check on him.
 s room on rd street in my underpants.
i told you this city would eat you alive.
what is this guy again?they call him a cleaner.
 he makes problems go away.
hello elaine.
 where are they?in the back.
all right, i'm going to need a clean ounce glass.
what is going on here?if i'm curt, then i appologize.
 but as i understand it, we have a situation here and time is of the essence.
nah, you had a good run.
 took them to the world series.
i got to give the players most of the credit for that.
don't sell yourself short.
 you made all the flight arrangements, hotels, busses.
no, i don't know who was doing that.
so, when you actually did work, what it was that you did?they had a pastry cart you wouldn't believe.
here you go.
 your latt&eacute;, your cappuccino.
maybe i should ask her out?she is a good waitress.
that's true.
 maybe i take her to the tony's.
you're going to the tony's?yeah, i wrote some jokes to the show and they gave me two tickets.
why didn't you ask me? i know a million theater jokes.
 what's the deal with those guys down in the pit?'they're musicians.
 that's not a joke.
it's a funny observation.
severance package the yankees are giving me three months full pay for doing nothing.
they did it for three years.
 what's another few months.
i'm really going to do something with these three months.
like what?i'm gonna read a book.
 from beginning to end.
 in that order.
i've always wanted to do that i'm gonna play frolf.
you mean golf?frolf, frisbee golf jerry.
 golf with a frisbee.
 this is gonna be my time.
 time to taste the fruits and let the juices drip down my chin.
 i proclaim this: the summer of george! and then peterman ate it.
 i never told him.
who's that?that's sam, the new girl in the counting.
what's with her arms? they just hang like salamis.
she walks like orangutan.
better call the zoo.
reer what?ssssss cat-ty it's like she's carrying invisible suitcases.
like this? yes, exactly.
that's so strange.
right.
 so why i'm the one who gets reer'.
 you know i mean they were being as catty as i was.
 it's a double standard.
oh, what about ladies night'? women admitted free before ?that is so stupid.
reer.
hey, the white shadow is on boy, your really packing it all in.
jerry, my vacation just started.
 i need a day or two to de-compress.
 besides, i did plenty today.
like what?i bought a new recliner with a fridge build right in to it.
hey jerry, you got any tums?stomach ache?i drank too much water in the shower.
aah, top of the fridge.
 hey george, i'm taking that waitress to the tony's.
shadow!oh, the tony's.
 i'll see you there buddy.
you're going to the tony's too?roger that.
where are you sitting?well, all over the place.
 yeah, i'm a seat filler.
 they don't like to see empty seats on tv so when somebody gets up i just park my kaboos on their spot until they get back.
how did you get that job?mickey, mickey he hooked me up.
 he's a member of the academy.
what academy?well, he didn't say .
hi!hi!nice tuxedo.
thanks, it's a breakaway.
should we go?absolutely.
lyle, were going! jerry, this is lyle.
hey, how you doing?ok bye.
have a good time.
thanks, lyle are you leaving? cause i got you covered.
i'll just squeeze in what are you doing?my job.
 what are you doing?you know, if they catch two of us on tv, you got some explaining to do.
so, you and lyle are roommates?no.
gay?what?is he gay?no.
are you sure?i think i would know.
 this is a new one.
 pemmican turkey? come on take a bite well more for me.
 and the best musical award goes to: scarsdale surprise!kramer? thank you and god bless you all.
 this has truly been a scarsdale surprise!elaine, am i crazy? i just get the feeling that dugan and the others are making fun of me all the time.
well, you might wanna think about maybe, eh moving your arms a little when you walk.
my arms?you know, sort of swing them, so your not lurching around like a caveman.
i a caveman?no no no no, it's just everybody told what a catty shrude you are.
 your horrible!she had a dude?yeah, when i went to pick her up there was this dude.
how do you know it was her dude?what do you think it could've been just some dude?sure, dudes in this town are dime a dozen.
i reckon.
or maybe, she just wanted to go to the tony's.
 i tell you what; you ask her out again.
 no tony, just jerry.
 that way you know it he was her dude or just some dude.
dude!all right, that's enough.
 i gotta go home and take a nap.
it's : in the morning?i tell you; i'm wiped.
so, has the summer of george already started or are you still de-composing?de-compressing.
whooa, good morning gentleman and tony says hello to you.
you didn't give that thing back?jerry, it was a whirlwind.
 they whisked us backstage, the media is sworming, champagne is flowing whooo! i can't describe how great it is to win.
that's because you didn't win.
'scarsdale surprise'.
 that's the musical about that scarsdale diet doctor murder.
featuring the mind-blowing performance of ms.
 raquel welch!you haven't even seen it.
aah, jerry i'm not gonna let you bring me down from this high.
 i've been partying all night.
 i saw the sunrise at liza's!what, minelli's!?!no.
sam, listen i'm so sorry about the other day.
no, don't apologize elaine.
 i was thinking that maybe i should swing my arms a little bit more.
see, yeah, that's all i was saying.
how's this .
well, you seem to be getting a hang of it hi!sorry, i'm running late.
 i just lost track of time.
no rush.
hey, jerry! what's up? i have absolutely no idea.
 except that the dude plays the showroom and i'm stuck doing food and beveridged!who's that?it's kramer.
hey kramer.
george says hi.
 hi george!how's that tony?why don't you just come over?why can't we do this on the phone? what's kramer doing now?he's looking on to fridgerator.
kramer.
 anything good in there? any popsicles?i can't do this.
so, what's george doing?he's not doing anything.
 goodbye!so listen, i'm going to crab a bite to eat at sardi's.
 you wanna go?are you taking the tony to sardi's?the tony is taking me to sardi's.
oh, hello.
i'm going.
congratulations!oh, thank you, thank you so much.
 i have so many people i want to thank and don't want to forget anyone all right, all right.
i said no! jerry, i just want to let you know; lyle and i are completely over.
 i'd rather be with you.
just me? no dudes or fellas?what you think?i can start right away.
but not here.
 'i'm not here, leave a message.
' s happening? come on, pick up the phone.
 so i said to him: arthur, artie come on, why does the salesman have to die? change the title; the life of a salesman.
 that's what people want to see.
mr.
 kramer, my name is lewis maxton graham.
 i'm one of the producers of scarsdale surprise'.
hey, eh, lew!we need to talk.
elaine, what did you want to talk me about?this.
 my office.
 sam trashed my office.
well, i see what's going on in here.
 i am smack dab in the middle of a good old fashioned cat fight.
mr.
 petermen, this is not a cat fight.
 this is violent psychotic behavior directed at me all because are told her to swing her arms.
woof!do you mean reer?'yes, that's the one! good day elaine.
 oh, no please mr.
 peterman, she's crazy! crazy for feelings i can't believe how much we did this afternoon.
 i have friends who this would've be their whole life.
now, what time are you picking me up tonight?eh, what?you got our reservation from sfuzi's, didn't you?oh yeah, sfuzi? i- i've gotta do that.
should i ware the outfit i bought today?sure.
which one?the one with the if i wanna get my hair cut i've gotta go now.
 call me when you get home.
 i wont be there, but leave a message so i know you called.
ok, ok do you mind?no, i'll crab it.
hey, i've done that today.
what, did you lose your remote?nah, the cable's out.
 what's with you? you look dead.
it's lanette! i need an assistant or intern or something.
 relationship intern hey, what if two of us teamed up?not.
no, no no, because that's no, listen; we are always sitting here, i am always helping you with your girl problems and you are helping me with my girl problems.
 where do we end up?here.
exactly! because neither one of us can't handle a woman all by ourselves.
i'm trying.
i've tried.
 we don't have it.
 but maybe the two of us, working together at full capacity, could do the job of one normal man.
then each of us would only have be like a half man.
 that sounds about right!i'm sure how excited you are to have this very very prestigious award.
 but you didn't have anything to do with the actual production.
no.
i don't think there's no way how we can allow you to keep this tony.
 unless anything are you familiar with our star, raquel welch?oh yeah, she's fantastic .
she's a train wreck.
there's a big tap dance number just before jean harris leaves the school to confront dr tarnover.
it is a gut wrenching scene.
but, raquel welch doesn't move her arms when she tap dances.
 it's very distracting.
there's lot of this in tap dancing.
so, you'd like me to teach how to dance?no, we want you to fire her.
why they want you to fire raquel welch?because they're terrified of her.
 i heard from someone that when they cut one of her lines, she climbed up the rope on side of the stage and started dropping lights on peoples heads.
 story like that has got to be true.
she seems very nice.
jerry, you're not in show business.
 you don't know what these people are like.
i'm in show business.
oh, come on! what am i gonna do? she's going to eat me alive.
i've got a tape of fantastic voyage if you think that would help.
yayaya jerry, that crazy straight-armed woman down at peterman's trashed my office.
 and then listen to this; this is message she left me.
elaine i am going to find you.
 if not in your office then in the xerox room or the little conference room near to the kitchen she must've got a blueprint of the building or something.
did you tell peterman about this?well, i tried, but he thought it was some sort of cat fight.
cat fight?ok, why? why do guys do this? what is so appealing to men about a cat fight?yeye cat fight!because men think if women are grabbing and clawing at each other there's a chance they might somehow kiss.
t-t-t-t you got the tickets?yeah, two for the : of novaj pravas re wearing the green sweater?i like it.
she doesn't like.
 here is your blue one, it's her favorite.
 what?just put it on! all right now, remember she had her nails done today so remark how you like the color.
 and if you need me you beep me, all right.
 here you go, hey, hey, hey, hey re a tiger!hey george, one second, she's having a party friday night and she wants me to take care of the invitations.
a little notice would've helped! how many people? , and george, on the invitations i know, i know don't skimp.
 go go go go right on time, i like that.
i like your nails, that is a great color.
love the sweater.
this old thing?hi, i need some party invitations.
okay, have you been in here before?about a year ago.
 wedding invitations.
right, how did that all work out?no complaints.
well, they are arranged according the price.
 and as i recall actually, ll take these nice glossy ones.
'you are a fraud dr tarnover.
 you haven't even been to scarsdale.
'ms.
 welch.
who are you?well, i'm cosmo kramer, i'm one of the producers.
hello, sidney! no, no i told you i don't want to do that! if you bring it up again i will feed your genitals to a wolf! re still here.
well, i- i ms.
 welch i do need to talk to you about a little problem regarding, eh, your performance.
what kind of problem?well, it seems that due to the vagaries of the production parameters of this fragmenting of the audience to the cable television, carnivals, water parks out with it!well, you're fired because you don't move your arms when you tap dance, you're like a gorilla out there i've gotta go little help?hey, frolf?yeah, you know we need a fourth for the back nine.
 you want in?yeah, sure.
ok, come on.
ok, let's towel it up.
jerry, where are those invitations you were supposed to get? if they don't go out today they're useless.
but we're in towels.
jerry.
all right.
 one second.
he frolfs, he scores hello.
george, where are those invitations? you were supposed to leave them with her doorman!did you shave your chest hair?no.
 did you at least pick them up?yeah, the super glossy.
 the best they had.
ok, get them over here pronto.
 we're in towels here george.
all right, all right, keep your towel on.
it's a joke.
all right, that's not bad.
 now get over here! if not in your apartment then in the laundry room or the atm in the building across the street or the watch shop!can't you do anything about this? i mean this woman is a psycho!look, just because i'm a woman i don't move my arms when i dance.
 that's my signature!would you just keep an eye out for this woman.
 she's about ye high and eh, she doesn't swing her arms when she walks.
like this what the hell is that? are you making fun of my dancing?aren't you raquel welch?you know who i am.
 now, what are you doing?nothing, i wasn't just moving my arms that's it, you are going down.
so how's george?i don't know.
 they don't tell me anything.
 what's that? tony.
what happened to you?raquel welch!yikes.
what happened to you?raquel welch!the woman is a menace.
yeah, i bumped in to her on the street.
 it got pretty ugly.
cat fight with raquel welch.
yey eye ca-catfight.
my god, george!i slipped on the invitations how's the towels?back on the rack.
with the two of us?i think we're still a man short.
mr.
 costanza.
 your legs have sustained extensive trauma.
 apparently your body was in the state of advanced atrophy, due to a period of extreme inactivity.
 but with a lot of hard work and a little bit of luck, i think there's a good chance you may, one day, walk again.
well, that's good news.
wow, invitations again yeah, that's weird.
all right, well you want to grab some coffee?yeah i'd like to get some coffee.
this was supposed to be the summer of george'! the summer of george.
now, swing them swing swing them, just swing them.
i can't do it.
 it's hard!still a little summer left.
what is holland? s a country right next to belgium.
no, that's the netherlands.
holland the netherlands.
then who are the dutch? you know i cannot stand this thing anymore.
i know, i hate it too.
 i feel like an out of work porn star.
i told you, we should have taken some kind of vacation.
well why didn't we?because you said this would be better.
 remember? a vacation from ourselves.
 that's what you said.
what if we grew muttonchops?no.
buzz cuts? parachute pants!stop it, george.
 stop it.
 i'm sorry, you've gotta get a job.
 dammit.
hey hey hey, check me out, huh?no more crutches, that must be a relief.
yeah, with crutches everyone has questions.
not with a cane?nah, with crutches it's a funny story, with a cane it's a sad story.
 you through with those?that is a sad story.
 hey, you should have been here tonight.
 some guy from nbc saw my set, he wants me to do a showcase.
 i might have another shot at a pilot.
alright, we're back in!we? no.
 ladies and gentlemen, kenny bania.
thank you, thank you, hey, jerry, did ya see me up there? i was killing, jerry.
 killing.
 i killed.
killed?killed.
 s your name?yeah, killed.
 because i killed first and warmed up the crowd.
 he's like that fish that attaches himself to the shark.
and you're the shark?yeah, i'm the shark and he's the fish eating my laughs.
i don't know how a fish could eat laughs.
well, i'm glad i brought it up.
you got any shredded coconut? re not doing that anymore.
yeah, yeah, right.
  oh my god.
what?i got a job interview.
 they want to see me this afternoon.
so what's this job?oh, it's beautiful.
 it's in sports.
knicks? rangers?playground equipment.
welcome back to the show.
yeah haha.
yeah, this is better.
 so, you got any shredded coconut?no.
 d-d-d-d.
 i gotta switch shaving creams.
 i'm getting no protection.
what kind do you use?whatever you get.
 look, postcard from elaine from europe.
don't tell me she's dragging another poor guy across europe.
remember david puddy?oh, the face-painting auto mechanic.
 so she's dating him again, huh?well, i guess she's batted around and she's back at the top of the order.
boy, a month in europe with elaine.
 s coming home in a body bag.
well, let's see, i've got a ten kroner, a five kroner, a twenty kroner? no wait, that's another ten kroner.
 a fimty kroner? how much is that?we have to break up.
what?i can't take this anymore! i don't want to hear how interesting the change with the hole in it is! and if you tell me what time it is in new york again, you are going home in a body bag!well what about you? what do you think the gap in rome has that's not in the gap on broadway?okay, alright listen.
 forget about the gap because we are through!fine!fine!okay, terminal three.
 have a nice flight.
ladies and gentlemen, our flight time, with stopovers, will be approximately hours.
 hey, you gonna bust out that drink cart or what?hey, what are you doing?oh, i'm taking this lace out.
 it came undone and touched the floor of a men's room.
 that's the end of that.
did you see bania's set last night? cause i read on the internet he killed.
he killed.
 he only does well when he has me for a lead-in.
 he's a time slot hit.
jerry, you gotta give him some credit.
 ll see you later buddy.
wait, wait, wait, wait, wait a minute.
what?do i have to ask?i ran out of butter so i had to borrow yours.
 anything else, mr.
 nosy?why are you buttering your face?i'm shaving with it.
oh moses smell the roses.
jerry, it's vastly superior to any commercial shaving cream.
 the shave is close and clean, and the natural emolients keep my skin silky-smooth.
 now feel my face.
no.
feel it.
i don't want to.
feel it.
 feel it.
 that is close.
i got the job?george, everybody here at play now is very impressed with you.
 i, i'm sure you heard that.
well, no.
now i don't want you to think that anyone's gonna treat you any differently just because of your, uh, handicap.
handicap? m not handicapped.
i'm sorry.
 differently, uh, advantaged.
yeah, i didn't mean that.
of course you will have your own private, fully equipped bathroom.
 when do i start?whenever you feel that you're able.
 um, you need a hand here.
 yeah, what the hell.
you got the job?jerry, it's fantastic.
 i love the people over there.
 they- they treat me so great.
 you know they think i'm handicapped, they gave me this incredible office, a great view.
hold on, they think you're handicapped?yeah, yeah, well, because of the cane.
 you should see the bathroom they gave me!how can you do this?jerry, let's face it, i've always been handicapped.
 i'm just now getting the recognition for it.
 name one thing i have that puts me in a position of advantage.
 huh? there was a guy that worked at the yankees-- no arms! he got more work done than i did, made more money, had a wife, a family, drove a better car than i did.
he drove a car with no arms?all right, i made up the part about the car, but the rest is true.
 and he hated me anyway!do you know how hard it's getting just to tell people i know you?i love that bathroom.
 it's got that high, high toilet.
 i feel like a gargoyle perched on the ledge of a building.
hey! they hooked me up.
what's with all the butter?i'm shaving with it, and you know what i discovered?you can eat it?no, my face feels so good, i'm gonna use it all over my body.
oh my god, it's bania and jenna.
who?the tooth brush in the toilet bowl.
hey jerry, this is jenna.
 pretty good-lookin huh?uh, jerry's the guy that i dated right before you.
oh.
 this is awkward.
don't worry, kenny.
 after dating jerry, you're a pleasure.
i don't believe this.
you miss her, don't you?no! he's riding my coattails again.
 he's getting everything off me, first laughs now ladies.
you miss her.
 m sure it was fine for her.
 i need more.
 huh.
 you believing this?excuse me, i i was sleeping.
you missed quite a performance.
 s my apple juice.
someone's cooking.
hello, jerry.
hello, newman.
you know, old friend, sometimes i ponder this silly gulf between us and i say, why? are we really so different.
 for what is-- m not the one doing the cooking, newman.
damn you seinfeld.
 you useless pustule.
 um, somebody's got something on the griddle.
 maybe it's kramer.
no, he's up on the roof getting some sun with the butter oh no!butter? this is the fimty kroner.
 oh? you know my last boyfriend, he had a real kroner comprehension problem.
 know what i mean? a real cement head.
david, you are so funny.
yeah, i know.
 what are you doing?it's a long flight, elaine.
 i had to get on with my life.
by making time with some floozy across the aisle?yeah, that's right.
 well, what's going on over there with you and, uh, vegetable lasagna?this guy? he's an idiot.
 he doesn't mean anything to me.
 i can hear you.
well, she doesn't mean anything to me either.
 if it were up to me, we'd still be together.
well maybe i feel the same way.
ok.
ok, so now what?let's make out.
kramer!oh, man.
 i think i cooked myself.
look at your skin.
stick a fork in me, jerry.
 i'm done.
i'm fried.
technically, you're saut&eacute;ed.
 so, what are you doing for that?well, i just gotta keep my skin moist so i don't dry out.
is that what the doctor said?no, i read an article in bon appetit magazine.
 ll see you later.
yea.
hey.
hey.
how you doing?  hmm.
 game hen?kind of.
 nice limp, you're bringing your work home with you?no, i fake limp on my right.
 this is a real limp because i sprained my ankle.
what happened?well, i was buttering myself up for a nice shave --oh no, not you too?i must have dripped some on the floor and i slipped and you know what's good for that? relish.
hello? yeah, this is jerry seinfeld.
 what? no.
 no! no! no!! no!!! thank you.
 s going on right after me.
so what, he's got a couple of good jokes.
oh, like what, ovaltine? why do dogs drink out of the toilet? shopping carts with one bad wheel?that's true, that always happens to me.
you think that's funny?i don't know, i like stuff you don't have to think about too much.
you like bania's act.
 you're a closet bania fan!maybe i am.
oh, i'm gonna puke.
puke! that's a funny word.
 puke.
 t have to think about that.
i can't believe we broke up like that.
it was stupid.
do you want something to read?no i'm good.
well, are you going to take a nap or --no.
you're just going to sit there staring at the back of a seat?yeah.
that's it! i cannot take this! i mean, look at this, nothing has changed.
 we've been back together two hours, we're having the same problems we had hours ago.
tell me about it, i don't know why i ever took you back.
oh, please! i took you back.
 you know it, i know it, vegetable lasagna here knows it.
please, please, i don't want to get involved.
ugh, i hope a giant mountain rises out of the ocean and we just ram right into it and end this whole thing!oh god.
how much longer you gonna be, i'm starving here.
just a few more squirts.
 cause i gotta stay juicy.
that smell.
 it's still with you, huh?yeah, it's baked on in.
 hey, put another stick of butter in.
 here.
yeah, stir it up so it melts.
oh yea that feels good.
 ahh, now i'm simmering.
i'll meet you at the coffee shop.
good morning, george.
good morning, sir.
is there something wrong with your other leg?oh, no, that's just the old, uh, the old handicap acting up.
but your cane's on the wrong side.
oh well, that's, uh, that&iacute;s just because we're, uh, standing on opposite sides.
huh?yeah, see, uh, when we met, i was over there and, uh, you were over here, so the image, uh, the image was reversed, like, uh, like in the mirror.
see? this looks right to you, doesn't it?uh, yeah, i guess.
 but, see here.
 right.
 wrong.
 right.
 wrong.
 right.
 right.
 wrong--will you stop it, george? just stop it! i think i can see what's going on here.
well, you're not gonna believe what happened.
you mugged stephen hawking?play now thinks i got problems in both legs.
 my own personal rascal, jerry.
 on the house.
well it must be comforting to know you'll be going straight to hell at no more than three miles an hour.
hello?jerry.
hey, lainie, how's the trip going?awful.
 this trip was a mistake.
 huge!please don't shout.
 i can't take it.
who's that?it's vegetable lasagna.
who?vegetable lasagna!my name is magnus.
shut up or i'll snap you in half and stuff you in the overhead!get me some duty free kahlua.
how's the trip?sounded good.
well.
 gotta motor.
hey, if you got any juice left, you might wanna roll by the big showcase tonight.
ah, you still going on in front of bania, eh?that's right, and i'll tell you what.
 i'm feeling a little off.
what are you talking about? re not!that's right, i'm taking a dive.
you're throwing the set?i'm laying down! then we'll see how he does up there, without all the assistance.
listen jerry.
 with all due respect, bania's voice is the voice of a new generation.
 my generation.
we're four months apart.
nevertheless.
 his time has come.
now if you will kindly help me unwedge my front wheel, i'll be on my way.
butter.
 kramer.
 butter.
 kramer.
jerry, what are you doing? george tells me you're gonna throw your set?that's right, choochie.
 let's see how bania does without the cushy timeslot.
 ladies and gentlemen, jerry seinfeld!if you'll excuse me.
whoa, man! s ready to laugh?what's the deal with lampshades? i mean if it's a lamp, why do you want shade?and what's with people getting sick?hee hee! yeah yeah!i mean, what's the deal with cancer?i have cancer!oh, tough crowd.
hey, hey! you dented my ride.
whatcha got there, the -volt? heh, i did you a favor.
how about i do you a favor upside your head?oh yeah?oh yeah.
hey!get the bikes.
ouch.
well, that wasn't so bad, huh?what are you talking about? i bombed!no, you had some good stuff.
 the cancer bit? i mean, it was edgy, it was not my sort of thing but some of those people out there, they really liked it.
like who?well, that guy who yelled out.
he cancer!and laughter is the best medicine.
hey, sorry kenny.
 guess you got your work cut out for you.
 ladies and gentlemen, kenny bania!hey, jerry, he could have used your laugh.
 he was a big turkey out there.
 turkey?a big fat turkey.
i'm sorry i missed that.
i tell ya, he worked so hard and then he just--what is this, oregano?look at me! i'm all covered in oregano and parmesan, and it's sticking to me because of the butter! look at me!here.
 hold this.
what is this, parsley?ah, the sweet stench of failure.
ah you bit me.
 get off of me, get off of me!now i got you!george? your legs!are you a religious man, sir?no.
eat hickory!!hey jerry, didja see it?ouch.
kenny! there you are.
 jay shermak and stu crespi from nbc.
 listen, kenny.
 really funny out there.
what?that thing you did having the two guys running through? i love stuff you don't have to think too much about.
give us a call.
 we want to be in the kenny bania business.
by the way, jerry? the suspenders? a little hacky.
how about that jerry? first you had a pilot on nbc and now i'll have one.
 looks like i'm following you again.
oh, i'm gonna puke.
puke? that's a funny word.
 can i use that?david, this has been the worst month of my life and if i never see you again it'll be too soon.
ditto.
oh that's origi-go to hell.
 th and broadway please.
i'm sorry lady, there's a cab shortage.
 the transit police are making everybody share.
oh no.
hello! m sorry.
noooooooooooo!george, you're not really handicapped, are you?i've had my difficulties.
i saw you running down amsterdam avenue lifting that pound motorized cart with one hand.
mr.
 thomassoulo during times of great stress, people are capable of super human strength.
 have you ever seen the incredible hulk, sir?nohow about the old spider man live action show?george, i've realized we've signed a one-year contract with you, but at this point i think it's best that we both go our separate ways.
i don't understand.
we don't like you.
 we want you to leave.
clearerso you're staying at play now?why not? pay is good.
 i got dental, private access to one of the great handicapped toilets in the city.
but they not you aren't handicapped, aren't you ashamed?they're the ones who should be ashamed.
 they signed me to a one-year contract.
 as long as i show up for work every day, they have to pay me.
hey hello-o-o-o!hello-o-o-o elaine!what's that?oh, it's just this stupid thing.
well, i'm sure it's stupid.
 it's not about me, is it? no-o-o-o.
 not at all.
tell me!all right.
 you know this girl clare i am seeing?yeah.
well, he and i starting joking that when she falls asleep her stomach stays awake all night and talks to me.
how is it talking?well, her belly button is like a mouth.
 m bored.
 talk to me.
oh i gotta start taking these stupid warnings more seriously.
hey, look whose here - puddy.
my puddy? but we broke up.
and yet he continues to live.
hey benes, how are you?i'm doing great.
great.
 see ya.
well, that's it.
 you two are back together.
what?the bump into.
 the bump into always leads to the backslide.
david and i will not be getting back together.
elaine, breaking up is like knocking over a coke machine.
 you can't do it in one push, you got to rock it back and forth a few times, and then it goes over.
that's beautiful.
what about you? you were even engaged, and you cut it off just like that.
that's different.
 i didn't have feelings for those people.
 but you, you'll backslideyou want to bet?stakes? dollars?all right.
 witness? .
witness.
done.
percentage?no.
so i'll call you tonight?yeah.
what's wrong with the belt?i went to the movies last night, i went to the bathroom and i unbuckled a little wobbly and the buckle kind of banged against the side of the urinal.
 so s it!so, you're insane?oh yes, quite.
hello!of course it's a sliding scale.
catch you later.
  la la la.
 la la la.
look at this, they are redoing the cloud club.
oh, that restaurant on top of the chrysler building? yeah, that's a good idea.
of course it's a good idea, it's my idea.
 i conceived this whole project two years ago.
which part? the renovating the restaurant you don't own part or spending the two hundred million you don't have part?you see i come up with these things, i know they're gold, but nothing happens.
 you know why?no resources, no skill, no talent, no ability, no brains.
 s all this meaningless time.
 laundry, grocery, shopping, coming in here talking to you.
 do you have any idea how much time i waste in this apartment?i can ball park it.
 hello-o-o-o!here we go; now she comes in.
 now my whole day is shot!hey, i called you last night, where were you? a friend.
george? no, no no.
well, i was here, that's everyone .
 .
are those the same shoes as yesterday?oh, you know i wear these shoes all the time.
your hair, it's somewhat de-poofed.
it's the new look.
 you know heroin cheek?wait a second, what's going on here?nothing, nothing.
 .
 .
you're wearing the same clothes as yesterday!!! you saw puddy!hoochie moochie.
 hand it over.
 pay up.
no! it's an isolated, sexual incident.
 we are not back together!then what do you call it? people don't just bump into each other and have sex.
 this isn't cinemax.
it was no big deal ok? i mean we fooled around, then we went out and grabbed a little dinner.
ah, dinner! that's it, you're all the way back!ugh!sex, that's meaningless, i can understand that, but dinner; that's heavy.
 that's like an hour.
 .
 that was my idea too!good morning!go to hell!hi allison, that's a nice dress.
don't even look at me.
hey glenn!hey, go tell hell!heard that one already.
 so that's the bedroom.
 here's the bathroom.
 if you need to, you can familiarize yourself with the kitchen yeah, go ahead and look through some of the drawers.
and you are?oh, hey, i'm darren.
 i'm new here.
yeah, that's jerry, you don't have to worry about him.
 why don't you go across the hall and get started on that mail.
right!he's a go getter!who's he?my intern from nyu.
 well, you remember my corporation, kramerica industries.
alright.
well, apparently nyu is very enthusiastic about their students getting some real world corporate experience.
but you only provide fantasy world corporate experience.
well, this will really free up my time so i can focus on more important things, like my bladder system.
alright, it's time to go.
jerry, it's not for people, it's for oil tankers.
 i know!you see the idea is for a rubber ball inside the tanker so if it crashes, the oil won't spill out.
actually, that is not a bad idea.
 yeah.
now, it's time to go.
hello .
 s going on?siege mentality, jerry.
 they really want me out of here.
 they've downgraded me to some sort of a bunker.
 i'm like hitler's last days here.
so, are you going to leave?oh no! i'm vigilant.
 they'll never get me out.
 i'm like a weed, jerry.
i thought you're like hitler in the bunker?i'm a weed in hitler's bunker.
i'm getting a little uncomfortable with the hitler stuff.
 hello!hi, this is darren from kramer's office.
 mr.
 kramer would like to schedule a lunch with you at monk's coffee shop.
 really? when?in minutes.
 do you need directions?no, i don't.
well, i'll call back in minutes to confirm.
yeah, .
hey!hey! so, where's my money?no money, i am puddy free.
 so, are we eating or what?oh yeah, hold on.
hello darren, this is jerry from jerry's office.
 s already left?hey, elaine is going to come with us, alright?what? when did this happen?well, just  darren!i am not calling puddy.
 what did i do with my gloves? oh, i bet i left them over at puddy's.
 i should call him.
 i need those gloves.
 no, i better not.
 i'll call.
 .
well, play now is through playing.
 they turned the heat way up in my office.
 they tried to sweat me out.
do you have to write all this stuff down.
well, mr.
 kramer is in a meeting with mr.
 lohmase and he didn't want to miss anything.
so, how hot did it get?i don't know, , then they sent some guys to sandblast for hours.
 tomorrow they are putting in asbestos.
i guess you can take anything, but actual work.
bring it on! hello-o-o-o kramer! wel-l-l-c-o-m-e! la la la.
sorry i couldn't get out of there, what did i miss? well, after ordering, mr.
 seinfeld and mr.
 costanza debated on whether or not iron man wore some sort under garment between his skin and his iron suit uh huh  s naked under there!oh that makes a lot of sense.
oh, shut up! then mr.
 seinfeld went to the restroom, at which point mr.
 costanza scooped ice out of mr.
 seinfeld's drink with his bare hands using it to wash up .
 what's so funny?oh, nothing.
 what are you laughing about? tell me.
oh all right, this is really dumb, really stupid.
 we've been doing this silly, dumb voice.
so is it fun humiliating me?no, it's not you.
 it's your stomach, he's taking with this funny, booming, jovial voice.
 hello-o-o-o.
so you think i'm fat?no it's mr.
 kramer says, hey buddy!'hey, we're kind of in the middle of something here.
 would you mind coming back later?oh yeah sure, sure.
 should we set something up now? get out!i'm leaving too.
no body said you're fat.
 he's a loving character, like the kool-ade guy.
he is fat!no, he's just a little bloated.
good-bye!it's mostly water weight.
boysenberry, the kid is still learning.
mr.
 kramer dean, my internship is on line two, she wants to set up a meeting.
yeah, well nothing before noon.
line two?yeah, your phone is line one.
oh so the gloves were right by the phone.
 that is pretty funny.
see, this is what jerry's doesn't understand.
 we can see each other.
 we can see each other every day, but it doesn't mean we are back together.
i mean i love just seeing you and having sex.
yeah.
not having to do all that you know work.
well, either way all that calling you, and buying you stuff david caring about how everyone at work isn't as smart as you.
 it's brutal.
alright that's it! we're back together!oh, no.
oh, yeah.
look elaine, be reasonable.
get those clothes off.
 you're going to spend the night and we're going to cuddle.
what?you heard me.
 strip! .
alright ok .
 m in my office! thanks.
dean jones, you wanting to talk to me?i've been reviewing darren's internship journal.
 doing laundry  yeah.
 mending chicken wire, hi-tea with a mr.
 newman.
i know it sounds pretty glamorous, but it's business as usual at kramerica.
as far as i can tell your entire enterprise is more than a solitary man with a messy apartment which may or may not contain a chicken.
and with darren's help, we'll get that chicken.
i'm sorry, but we can't allow darren to continue working with you.
well, i have to say this seems capricious and arbitrary.
you fly is open.
so you're sure you're not still angry about last night?no, i'm fine.
 just as long as you don't ever do that voice again.
never?never.
what about if you're not around?no!so i have to choose between seeing you and doing the voice?that's right.
i can do that.
so what's your decision?i don't know.
jerry hi.
 you broke up with her? why?so we could do the voice.
 s the matter?i think i'm getting tired of it.
 i mean is that all it does? hello? la-la-la?no, it can do anything.
 it can be spanish.
 hola.
 hello-o-o-o.
i think i like the girl better than the voice.
really? hello-o-o-o.
still?i told you.
alright, here you go, choke on it .
see, never bet against the backslide.
 i knew you two would get back together.
yeah, well not for long.
 i'm breaking up with him.
no, i don't think so.
 i've seen you two together.
 you make each other miserable.
 it's kismet.
double or nothing.
done.
 witness?you're in there again.
i think play now is putting something in my food.
alright, i'm out of here.
what is this? .
i don't know.
 i found them in your closet.
 ever since darren left i haven't been able to find anything.
 he took all my clothes to some cleaners.
 i'm clueless.
 is that clock right?yeah.
 nine o'clock.
i was supposed to pick up newman at the zoo twelve hours ago.
 good-bye kramer.
jerry, buddy, i got to tell you something.
 that voice is played.
really?so played.
i told you.
darren? what are you doing here? the college canceled the internship.
i don't care about the internship.
 i care about kramerica.
kramerica is no more.
what about the oil tanker bladder system? we were going to put an end to maritime oil spills.
probably.
 darren, you go home.
 forget about kramerica.
well, you're still here?i haven't had time to leave.
well, i haven't changed my mind.
well, you are a tenacious little monkey.
 alright, i'll do it.
 kramerica industries lives! let's get back to work!let's see what jerry has to eat.
you win george.
 we've had it.
 if you leave right now, play now will give you six months pay.
 that's half of your entire contract.
 please just go.
you see if i stay the whole year, i get it all.
want to play hand ball huh? fine.
 s handicapped bathroom is now open on the sixteenth floor to all employees and their families.
well played.
i'll see you in hell costanza.
 re back together again, great.
 bye bye.
hey.
trouble down at the plant?it's a tank of oil.
 darren and i are finally going to test out my bladder system.
you have to drink that whole thing?no.
 no.
 no.
 it's for oil tankers.
 all i need to do is fill some sort of rubber container with oil and then drop it to see whether or not it can restrain the impact.
i understand .
would a giant rubber ball work?conceivably.
well, play now has all kinds of different rubber balls.
 why don't we test your bladder system at my office?you're not oh, yes i am.
 mr.
 thomassoulo likes to play dirty.
 well, there's nothing dirtier than a giant ball of oil.
hey, you want to split a root beer ?i don't think so david, we're through.
oh that's a nice sweater .
whew that was a dozy.
go again?book it.
 witness.
david i know this hurts, but it's the way it has to be .
ha ha ha.
 ha ha ha ha.
i'm going to get some popcorn.
so, how did it end?they got away.
uh.
listen david, i've got to run.
 can you lend me fifty bucks?hey.
did you bring the video camera?yeah, i put a six hour tape in.
 that should cover the experiment, the arrest, and most of your trial.
 alright, i'll see ya.
oh, you might want to stick around jerry.
 mr.
 thomassoulo picked the wrong man to hire because he was fake handicapped.
i can't.
 i got to meet clare.
you gave up the voice?yeah, i thought it was stupid.
 unless you guys are liking it again.
no.
 nodarren?sorry mr.
 seinfeld.
uh, bathroom.
hey, use mine.
 i'll let you in.
i thought it was open to the public.
i uh, took care of that.
wow! zanadu .
 no wonder you're putting in so many hours.
 may i?i insist.
 i'll fix us a drink.
 i got it.
whew.
 you know darren, if you would have told me twenty-five years ago that some day i'd be standing here about to solve the worlds energy problems, i would've said you're crazy now let's push this giant ball of oil out the window.
so, check out my view.
wow! hey, there's clare.
 i better go down.
hey, there's kramer & darren.
there's the giant ball of oil.
 clare's right underneath that thing.
 clare! hello-o-o-o! hello-o-o-o! hello-o-o-o!i don't believe this.
 i am not looking up if you're going to do that voice.
bombs away .
this is going to be a shame.
hello.
well, that didn't work.
 hey, how about this ketchup and mustard in the same bottle?oh that sounds interesting sir.
yeah.
clare won her lawsuit against play now.
 gee, play now is filing for bankruptcy.
 i guess you're not going in anymore.
yeah.
so they're not paying you your no.
so you're pretty much yeah.
what ever happened to darren?darren is going away for a long long time.
so clare sure looked real funny covered in oil like that hello-o-o-o i got beamed with a giant ball of oil  m slippery as an eel  la la la.
i'm just so glad it's back.
see, this is good.
 this is the way it should be.
 you know why are we fooling ourselves.
 we belong together.
elaine: i want to break up.
ah nuts!i got no leg room back here.
 move your seat forward.
that's as far as it goes.
there's a mechanism.
 you just pull it, and throw your body weight.
i pulled it.
 it doesn't go.
if you want the leg room, say you want the leg room! don't blame the mechanism!all right, dad, we're five blocks from the house.
 sit sideways.
like an animal.
 because of her, i have to sit here like an animal! serenity now! serenity now!what is that?doctor gave me a relaxation cassette.
 when my blood pressure gets too high, the man on the tape tells me to say, serenity now!'are you supposed to yell it?the man on the tape wasn't specific.
what happened to the screen door? it blew off again?i told you to fix that thing.
serenity nowww!so i told bobby and lisa that we'd try the new chinese spanishoh, i thought we had tickets for the knicks home opener.
well i thought this would be more fun so i gave the tickets away.
what? all right, fine.
are you mad at me?no, i love a good chinese spanish whatever it is.
you know i've never seen you mad.
i get peeved.
mad.
miffed.
 .
irked?i'd like to see you get mad.
why does she want you to be mad?she says i suppress my emotions.
so what do you care what she thinks.
good body.
she probably gets that impression because you're cool.
 you're under control.
 like me.
 nothing wrong with that.
but i get upset, i've yelled.
 you've heard me yell.
not really.
 your voice kind of raises to this comedic pitch.
 hey.
kramer, i am so sick of you comin in here and eatin all my food.
 now shut that door and get the hell out of here! what is that, a new bit?i told ya.
 hey, any of you guys want to come out and help me fix my father's screen door in queens?sorry, i'm fixing a screen door in the bronx.
i'll do it.
really? you wanna come?yeah, i love going to the country.
where are they goin'?fix a screen door in queens.
 saturday night?not goin to the knick game.
i need someone to go with me to mr.
 lippman's son's bar mitzvah.
you know, if you don't bring a guest they save a catering.
 you should be able to buy a cheaper gift.
 s possible.
 perfect.
dad, the hinges are all rusted here.
 that's why the wind keeps blowing the door off.
i hate that old door.
 throw it out!serenity now!it might be time to just let her go, frank.
 she's worked hard for ya.
will you put her to rest for me?oh yeah, i'll take good care of her.
  get george to put those boxes in the garage.
dad, what's all this? s junk.
my computers.
 i've been selling them for two months now.
 shut up!you're selling computers?two months ago, i saw a provocative movie on cable tv.
 it was called the net, with that girl from the bus.
 i did a little reading, and i realize, it wasn't that farfetched.
dad, you know what it takes to compete with microsoft and ibm?yes, i do.
 that's why i got a secret weapon my son.
damn it, they gave me cream! i asked for nonfat milk!i think they have % over there.
 %?! they can kiss % of my ass!ok, jerry, enough.
 i'm not buying it.
you're damn right you're not buying it!you shouldn't have to try.
 it's just being open.
i'm open.
 there's just nothing in there.
sarcastically) uh huh.
oh, you think i'm lying about this?i think you are.
well, i'm not.
yes, you are, liar.
oh, stop it.
ok, liar.
that's enough!ooh, that was good.
really? it felt good.
congratulations, mr.
 lippman.
oh, elaine.
 my boy's a man today.
 can you believe it? he's a man.
oh, congratulations, adam.
 i'm a man!tongue?yeah.
wow! i didn't try that til i was .
well this kid's not just a man.
 he's a man's man.
and i think he's been telling his friends.
 i got invitations to six more bar mitzvahs.
 hello? yeah, this is jerry seinfeld.
 no, no, no, i do not want to stop over in cincinnati.
 well, then you upgrade me.
 that's right, you should thank me.
 goodbye.
 first class.
where did that come from?patty showed me how to get mad.
 you gotta problem with that?no.
good.
all right, relax, tough guy.
 i got to go out to my father's garage, help him sell some computers.
what? the two of you workin in that garage is like a steel cage death match.
kramer.
yeah.
what-what are you doing?oh, i'm putting up frank's screen door.
 this beauty's got a little life in her yet.
what do you need it for? s see how this baby closes.
 oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
morning, ma.
 re late!morning, dad.
i'm not dad in the workplace.
 my professional name is mr.
 costanza, and i will refer to you as costanza'.
 morning, braun.
 morning, george.
 two cream, no sugar.
what is lloyd braun doing here?your mother recommended him.
yeah, of course she did.
 that's all i ever heard growing up is why can't you be more like lloyd braun? did you know he was in a mental institution?i didn't read his resume.
 another sale, mr.
 costanza.
 chalk me up on the big board.
 what is this? this is your lagging.
 good work, braun.
 good for you, lloyd!so adam, i just talked to your father, and, apology accepted.
i'm not apologizing.
 it was great.
 i told everyone.
yeah, i know.
 uh, by the way, could you do me a favor and tell mitchell tanenbaum that i will be unable to attend this saturday.
are you free friday night?i am, but that is not the point.
 you are thirteen, and i am in my early s.
but i'm a man.
 the rabbi said so.
no.
 you are not a man.
 it takes a time to become a man.
 i mean, half my friends aren't even there yet.
well, if i'm not a man, then this whole thing was a sham! first, they said i was gonna get great gifts, and then, somebody gives me boggle.
 i renounce my religion!who wants cookies?as of this moment, i am no longer jewish.
 i quit!what? walnuts, mmmmmm.
 you're late again, costanza, so listen up.
 starting tonight, we're having a little sales contest.
 the loser gets fired, the winner gets a waterpik.
 re not giving away our waterpik!serenity now!you know what? it doesn't matter, because i quit!i guess your mother was right.
 you never could compete with lloyd braun! you wanna sell computers? i will show how to sell computers! hello, mr.
 farneman.
 you wanna buy a computer? no? why not? all right, i see! good answer! thank you! serenity now!adam, you don't become a man overnight.
 look at your father.
 it takes time.
 patience, experience.
 uh, several careers of varying success.
 and these are things i look for in a man.
 !well, i'm sorry, sir, i tried.
so, that's the type of guy you're looking for?uhh.
 i guess so.
 why?  what is this? anytown, u.
s.
a.
 hello? is kramer home? oh, hey.
 hello, neighbor.
boy, those azaleas are really coming in nicely.
oh, you gotta mulch.
 you've got to.
you barbecuing tonight? right after the fireworks.
so, where do you want to eat tonight?how about la caridad again?again!? how much flan can a person eat!?jerry, you've been yelling at me all afternoon.
well, i don't think more flan is the answer!maybe i should just leave.
'maybe'!?good-bye!double good-bye! hey, buddy! hey.
 happy new year! all come back reeeaall did you and patty just break up?yeah! in fact, she broke up with me! and i don't want to talk about it!well, then you're free tonight.
 you know what, i heard about this great place called la caridad.
that's the last thing she said to me.
 she wanted to go there also, but i wasn't in the mood.
whoa.
 what is the matter?it's patty.
jerry, you break up with a girl every week.
 what--what is this salty discharge?oh my god.
 you're crying.
this is horrible! i care!patty won't call me back.
 i don't know if i can live without her.
she's really gotten to you, hasn't she?i don't know what's happening to me.
simple.
 you let out one emotion, all the rest will come with it.
 it's like endora's box.
that was the mother on bewitched.
 you mean pandora.
yeah, well, she had one, too.
 jerry, can i talk to you for a second?  re not getting back your rock either! s just a chick.
you ever heard of a little thing called feelings?well, i got just the thing to cheer you up.
 a computer! huh? we can check porn, and stock quotes.
porn quotes i'm so lucky to have a friend like you, george.
 ever tell you how much i love you?what?i love you, george.
 come here.
i-i'm already here.
 i'm here.
 i'm here.
 uh, you know what? if you want a computer, call me.
 i-i gotta go.
go wherever you want.
 i'm still gonna love you.
look what they did.
 look what they did to my house! i turn my back for two seconds, and they put shaving cream all over my door.
 you, i see you! i'll teach these kids a lesson.
 where's that house i put under your sink?hose under my sink.
 i love , kramer!i love you, too, buddy, and george--i don't want to hear it, kramer!listen, when i give you the signal, i want you to turn this water on full blast.
what signal? what-what signal?i'll yell, uh, hoochie mama!'if i do it, will you buy a computer?on the signal, george.
 on the signal.
only if you buy.
 i gotta make a sale.
i love you, costanza.
will you shut up?!now! now, george! turn on the faucet! george, turn on the faucet! hoochie mama! hoochie mama! hoochie mamamaaaaa!so now the lippman kissed me.
well, sure.
 they're jewish, and you're a shiksa.
what?it means a non-jewish woman.
i know what it means, but what does being a shiksa have to do with it?you've got shiksappeal'.
 jewish men love the idea of meeting a woman that's not like their mother.
oh, that's insane.
i'll tell you what's insane: the price that i could get you on a new desktop computer.
i am not buying a computer from you.
there's porn.
 even so.
damn it!don't get me wrong, mr.
 lippman.
 i-i'm very flattered that you found me attractive enough to lunge at me.
 huh.
 but the only reason you like me is because i'm a shiksa.
that's simply not true.
if you weren't jewish, you wouldn't be interested in me.
you are wrong.
 i'll prove it.
oh, no.
 don't!i renounce judaism!oy vey!what happened to you, pal?joey zanfino and some of the neighborhood kids.
 they ambushed me with a box of grade a's.
are you all right?oh, no.
 i'm fine.
 serenity now.
 serenity now.
 serenity now.
so, you're using frank's relaxation method? jerry, the anger, it just melts right off.
 serenity now.
 look at this.
 serenity now! hey, what happened to you?serenity! well.
 you are not gonna believe this.
 now lippman is renounced.
 this shiksa thing is you people? what are you looking at?sit down, elaine.
oh, no.
 jerry, i can't take any more gentle sobbing.
i've been thinking about what it means to be complete.
do you have an apple or anything?look at us, hurtling through space on this big, blue marble.
or a nectarine? i would absolutely love a nectarine.
looking everywhere for some kind of meaning why am i in such a fruit mood? ahh, banana!when all the while, the real secret to happiness has been right in front of us!what?elaine  s wrong with your leg?i'm asking elaine to marry me.
 s apartment.
elaine?uhh, jerry, i've got a lot goin on with, uh, lippman right now.
lippman? m gonna go give him a hand.
 come on! come on!can i help you?no.
 stay! stay.
 stay.
hey, braun, costanza's kicking your butt! s done.
 oh, hello, mr.
 vandelay? would you like to buy a computer? oh, really? two dozen?costanza, you're white hot!if you'd like to make a call, please hang up and--hey, braun, i got good news and bad news.
 and they're both the same: you're fired.
 costanza, you've won the water pik!you're not gonna give away that water pik!you wanna bet? serenity now, serenity now!you know, you should tell your dad that serenity now thing doesn't work.
 it just bottles up the anger, and eventually, you blow.
what do you know? you were in the nut house.
what do you think put me there?i heard they found a family in your freezerserenity now.
 insanity later.
what happened here, kramer?serenity now, serenity now kramer!geez! jerry, i didn't here you come in.
 yeah, the children, they've done sum redecorating.
 serenity now, serenity now.
you don't look well.
well, that's odd, cause i feel perfectly at peace with the world- uh! eggs! you! serenity now, serenity now, serenity now.
oh, i'm sorry.
 look at me, i stepped on your last rose.
 s always next spring.
 now will you excuse me for a moment.
 serenity nooooooooww!jerry! i did it! haha! i beat braun! serenity now!come on, wanna give me a hand with the computers? serenity nooooowwwww!why couldn't you squeeze one of those stupid rubber balls to get your stress out? why did you have to destroy computers? george, you listen to me.
 i owe ya one.
he's incorrigible.
 you want to talk about it?oh, please don't tell me you love me again, jerry, i can't handle it.
george, letting my emotions out was the best thing i've ever done.
 sure i'm not funny anymore, but there's more to life than making shallow, fairly-obvious observations.
 how about you?all right here goes rabbi, is there anything i can do to combat this shiks-appeal?ha! elaine, shiks-appeal is a myth, like the yeti, or his north american cousin, the sasquatch.
well, something's goin on here, cause every able-bodied israelite in the county is driving pretty strong to the hoop.
elaine, there's much you don't understand about the jewish religion.
 for example, did you know that rabbis are allowed to date? well, what does that have to do ?you know, a member of my congregation has a timeshare in myrtle beach.
 perhaps, if you're not too busy, we could wing on down after the high holidays? elaine? lainie?so, that's it.
 all of my darkest fears, and everything i'm capable of.
 that's me.
yikes.
 well, good look with all that.
where you going? i-i thought i could count on you for a little compassion.
i think you scared me straight.
all right, jerome, i'm in.
what?maybe we should get married.
 maybe everything we need is right here in front of us.
 jer let's do it.
i tell ya, i don't see it happening.
what? what happened to the new jerry?he doesn't work here anymore.
oh, well that's just i love you, jerry.
 right back at ya, slick.
you know, all these years, i've always wanted to see the two of you get back together.
well, that's because you're an idiot.
you single-handedly brought costanza and son to the brink of bankruptcy.
well what about all the lloyd braun sales?he's crazy.
 his phone wasn't even hooked up.
 he just liked ringing that bell.
i told you to clean out this garage.
 i have to put my car in!this is a place of business.
 i told you never to come in here.
 serenity now!all right dad, you really should lay off the serenity now stuff.
so, what am i supposed to say?'hoochie mama'?move your crap, i'm comin in!no you're not! hoochie mama! hoochie mama! s pregnant? leslie is pregnant?! oh, see, there is no justice.
she's the performance artist, right? s a real performer.
 a real trooper.
what's her husband's name, again? chip? kip? skip?todd.
todd.
 oh yeah.
 s a kennedy.
no, he's not.
c'mon.
 he's a third cousin, or something.
by marriage.
oh, by marriage.
 we went to their wedding.
 you should have heard him talking about chappaquiddick - trying to blame the whole thing on bad directions.
that woman was unequivocally the worst date of my life.
oh, pardon me for trying to set you up with a beautiful, intelligent woman.
what, you don't think i can attract beautiful, intelligent women?thin ice, george.
 thin ice  ll give birth on stage.
she stopped performing.
 oh, what a huge blow to the culture.
 you believe this guy? he holds a grudge like khomeini.
she dragged me down to that warehouse on the waterfront in brooklin to see one of her performances'.
oh, and she cooks dinner onstage for some celebrity?god! she's cooking dinner for god! she's yelling and screaming, and the next thing i know, she throws a big can of chocolate syrup all over my new red shirt.
it was an accident!oh, yeah, sure, accident, right.
 she was aiming right at me like she was putting out a fire! then, for the rest of the show, i'm sitting there with chocolate all over my shirt.
 flies are landing on me.
 i'm boiling - i'm fantasizing all the things i'm gonna say when i see her.
 and later, finally, backstage when i talk to her, i'm a groveling worm.
 what kind of chocolate was that? do you throw any other foods?' he thought he still had a shot.
and then, then, then she leaves with somebody else! never even, never even said goodbye! never called me back never apologized.
 nothing.
 like i was dirt.
what ever happened with the shirt?i still have it.
 the collar's okay.
 i wear it under sweaters.
i don't know what i'm gonna do.
 she asked me to give her a baby shower.
asked you? you're not going to do that are you?anyone else, never.
 but, leslie - i have a problem saying no to.
 for some reason, i seem to want her approval.
let maria shriver give her a baby shower.
ask not what i can do for you - ask what you can do for me.
 ich bin ein sucker.
oh, would you two stop with the kennedys? why does everybody make such a big deal about he kennedys? what is this fascination?! who cares?! it's all so boring she doesn't deserve a baby shower.
 she deserves a baby monsoon.
 she deserves rosemary's baby! i do have one teeny little problem, though.
never said goodbye.
 never apologized.
 nothing.
see, i was gonna give the shower in my apartment but?my roommate has lyme disease.
lyme disease? i thought she had epstein-barr syndrome?she has this in addition to epstein-barr.
 it's like epstein-barr with a twist of lyme disease.
how did she get lyme disease?i don't know.
 she did some outdoor version of hair in danbury, connecticut.
they still do that play?it's a classic.
with all the nudity?i guess.
 she must've rolled over on a tick during the love-in.
 never said goodbye.
 goodbye!explain to me how this baby shower thing works.
what do you wanna know?well, i mean, does it ever erupt into a drunken orgy of violence?rarely.
there's no hazing of the fetus, or anything, is there?no.
when is this suppose to be?saturday.
saturday? well, i have a show in buffalo on saturday.
 they're not gonna bust up my apartment, or anything, are they?i'll take full responsibility.
 you won't regret it.
'cause i've seen these pregnant women - and they sometimes misjudge their fetal girth.
 just like one wrong turn, and boom! and entire buffet is swept off the table.
someday, before i die, mark my words - i'm gonna tell that woman exactly what i think of her.
 i'll never be able to forgive myself until i do.
and if you do?i still won't be able to forgive myself - but at least it won't be about this.
what are you doing this for? look at you quiet.
 i'm trying to get a picture.
but you don't have to do this! this guy is waiting in my house.
 leave me alone.
it's a one-time fee.
 a hundred and fifty bucks.
 why live like this?!i'm not getting illegal cable!oh, so what are you gonna do? you gonna wait for the cable companies to resolve their dispute? they're gonna be in court for years.
no, i read in the paper  oh, oh, the paper well, they might hook us up again.
oh, god, you're so naive! all the cable companies care about is the big mammoo.
 s free! for life!stop shouting! you're ruining the reception.
can you hear yourself? can, can, do you know what you're saying?!what you're suggesting is illegal.
it's not illegal.
it's against the law.
well, yeah.
 just, just, hold this.
 can you hold that? ll slow down your gas meter.
 he sells slugs, jerry.
 slugs for the subway.
a real human rights nut, huh?yeah.
 he's intense, man.
i don't know.
 what if i get caught?oh, you're not gonna get caught.
 look, let me get him.
 man, it's the nineties, it's hammer time! come on, just let me get him.
you know, why don't we wait? because, i'm going out of town tomarrow.
tomarrow okay.
no problem.
 yeah, you'll have the whole thing installed by the time you get back.
 re gonna track me down like a dog, i know it no, no, now look now, jerry, jerry, it's no risk.
 i swear.
 the mets have seventy-five games on cable this year  put it in.
you won't regret it.
 s gonna be a cable boy, a cable boy, a cable boy mr.
 steinfeld?seinfeld.
we're with the fbi.
 you wanna tell us about your cable hook-up?my cable hook-up? what about it?it's been illegally installed, mr.
 steinfeld.
it has? i've been out of town.
 how did you know?jerry, i had to tell them.
 i had to.
 i had no choice.
 they were onto the scam from the very beginning.
you're in serious trouble, mr.
 steinfeld.
wait a minute.
 wait a minute, hold on! we're just patsies.
 we're just a couple of users we never sold the stuff.
 what about the russian guy? the russian guy is the guy you want.
mr.
 seinfeld, agent stone.
 fbi.
 undercover.
no! jerry! cable boy, cable boy what have you done to my little cable boy? excuse me.
 can i get something to drink?i'm afraid not.
what's with this airline? what are you, cutting out the drinks now?no sir.
 we're flying into a blizzard.
 please fasten your seat belt.
 we're making an emergency landing.
 are they gonna go over the instructions again?my name is bill.
 i might be the last person you ever see.
i'm not afraid of flying, although many people do have fear of flying and, i have no arguement with that.
 i think fear of flying is quite rational because, human beings cannot fly.
 humans have fear of flying same way fish have fear of driving.
 put a fish behind the wheel, and they go, this isn't right.
 i shouldn't be doing this.
 i don't belong here.
'sounds like a rough trip.
oh, fire engines, ambulances all along the runway.
 and then, when we landed safely, they all seemed so disappointed.
so, the college cancelled the gig?well, there was so much snow.
 the roads were closed.
 i really appreciate it - you picking me up.
 thanks again.
 forget it.
no, really an airport run.
it's nothing.
hey, it's one thing if i asked you could you do me a favor? but to suggest it? george: whey you told me what you went through on the plane, it makes you stop and think.
 you appreciate having a real friend.
 s always got some ulterior motive.
 ulterior motive.
oh, wait a minute.
 wait a minute.
 don't take the bridge get off here.
 we can't go back to my place, elaine's having the shower.
 what, tonight? now?yeah, yeah.
 i forgot all about it.
 alright, it's no big deal.
 we'll just go back to your place.
my place? no, no, no.
 i hate my place.
 i don't wanna go back to my place.
you want to get a bite?yeah, i would.
 it's just, you know, i just ate a whole pot roast.
well, so what should we do?shouldn't we at least drop off your bag?red shirt! red shirt! that's the red shirt! what are you talking about?you're wearing the chocolate shirt!i am? what a strange coincidence a - ha! nice try, my friend, but you gotta get up pretty early in the morning  you gotta let me go over there.
what are you gonna do? badger a pregnant woman at her own baby shower?! what are you, gonna take it off and make her rinse it in club soda?no, i'm gonna hold it under her nose so she can smell the scent of stale bosco that i had to live with for three years, and i'm gonna say, remember this shirt, baby?! well, now, it's payback time!'we just bought an apartment on riverside drive.
 bernard goetz's mother used to live there.
so, where's todd?up in hyannisport.
oh my god, hyannisport? with the kennedys? who else is up there? is rose up there?! s your due date?march twentieth, nine a.
m.
you know the time!i'm having a planned c-section.
 my therapist told me if i go through labor, i might get psychotic.
leslie, leslie, whatever happened to sargent shriver? is he still with them? you don't hear much about him these days.
 is he out of the loop? elaine, who catered this, sears? what is this?! what are you doing here?we're putting in cable.
the cable? no, no, no.
 i'm having a party here.
 you can't do this now!oh, we have to do this now.
who's this guy?which one?both of the them.
oh, they're soviet cable guys.
okay does jerry know about this?oh yeah it's all authorized, yeah.
you can't! you can't do this now!elaine, do you know how booked up this guy is? now, if i send him away now, it's gonna take jerry months to get him back he won't like that.
alright.
 just do it fast and then get out.
 s gonna take a few minutes then, you and the gals can take a load off and watch something on lifetime.
and what if we go up there? what are you going to say to her? what am i going to say?!yeah.
what did you go out with me for?! just to dump chocolate on my shirt and then just dump me altogether?! i don't deserve that kind of treatment! what, you don't have the common courtesy to return my calls?! to apologize! you think i'm some sort of a loser, that likes to be abused and ignored?! who's shirt can be ruined without financial restitution?! some sort of a masochist who enjoys being humiliated? you think you can avoid me like i have some sort of disease?! you have the disease! you have the disease! you may be beautiful and rich and physically just unbelievable, but you sicken me! you disgust me! you and everyone like you!you'll never say that to her face.
watch me.
 yeah, i eat the whole apple.
 the core, stem, seeds, everything.
 s eating all the food!yeah, yeah.
 well, you know, there are many differences between american and soviet cultures that you're not aware of.
 see, in russian, the cable guy, they got the whole run of the house.
 yeah, that's tradition.
 did you ever eat the bark of a pineapple?kramer! uh excuse me what are you doing here? i thought you were out of town for the weekend.
the show was cancelled.
 there was a blizzard.
i can't believe you told kramer it's okay to put the cable in during the shower! jerry, look,, look! they've eaten everything.
jerry, what a surprise! i thought you sere out of town.
well, leslie, sometimes the road less travelled is less travelled for a reason.
 t even dream about it! about what? kramer, kramer, kramer leslie.
yeah?george george costanza.
hi.
 t remember me but we actually, kind of um went out a couple of years ago once remember?vaguely.
you took me to one of your shows and?and, um, it was quite good.
 in fact, you even incorporated me into the show.
 i'm not actually a performer.
 although, my parents felt i had talent jerry?! remember me?i'm sorry, i  t ring a bell, jerry? we had a date, three years ago.
 you took me to one of your shows.
 oh, i, i, think i remember told me you had a great time! said you'd call me the next day.
well, i'm sure i meant to call i probably just lost your liar! liar! you were never going to call me! you thought you could waltz throught the rest of your life and never bump into me again! but you were wrong, jerry! you were wrong! what do you think, i'm some sort of poor, pathetic wretch?!no, i don't think that some person who could be dismissed and ignored?! some insignificant piece of dust?! some person who doesn't deserve your respect and your attention?! you're the one that doesn't deserve my respect and my attention! you're the insignificant piece of dust!actually, i never had any formal training.
 i guess i'd be better suited for improvs, or something thanks a lot!i'm sorry you have to go.
yeah.
 i really have to be going.
alright, listen, i've changed my mind about this whole thing.
 i don't want cable.
don't be a fool.
you don't want?no, i don't want.
 so, just tell me what i owe you for your trouble  four hundred dollars.
 four hundred dollars? you told me one-fifty!i'm going obviously.
oh, leslie, i am so sorry about everything that went on here tonight.
 you know, i had no idea elaine, you know, i was watching you tonight, and i realized something.
 you're just like you were in college.
 ? s go!  t even want the thing.
 what are you going to do?!every woman on the face of the earth has complete control of my life.
 and yet, i want them all is that irony?why can't i meet a kennedy? i saw john junior once downtown.
 i was on a bus.
 i hit the ding, but it didn't stop.
alright, i said i had a good time and i'd call, but who takes that literally? what do you do at the end of a date when you know you don't want to see this person ever again, for the rest of your life? what do you say? what do you say? no matter what you say, it's a lie.
 i'll see you around.
 see you around.
 if you're around, and i'm around, i'll see you around that area.
 you'll be around other people.
 you won't be around me.
 but you will be around.
 'take care now.
 did you ever say that to somebody? take care now.
 take care, now.
 because, i'm not going to be taking care of you.
 so, you should take care, now.
 'take care.
 take care.
 what does this mean? take off! isn't that what you really want to say? take off now.
'are you sure you can't stay longer?no, we just came for the funeral.
 `poor marvin kessler, he went too early.
he was years old.
that had nothing to do with it, the man was out of shape.
that's why we joined a program.
 we walk once around the block three times a week.
and every morning i eat a plum.
well, what ever you do, you're wearing me out.
what about you?yeah, looks like you're getting a little spare tire there, tiger.
really?hey, seinfelds!hey, mr.
 kramer!how long are you staying?we just came down for a funeral.
oh yeah, yeah i heard, marvin kessler.
 boy, that makes you think.
 if he could go see you downstairs with the car.
are you sure you don't need a hand with that?no no, the luggage is on the program.
 i got a brick in here.
did you give blood?no, not giving.
 hoarding.
 i'm storing it in to a blood bank.
 just in case.
in case of what?jerry, i know myself.
 if i'm out on the street and it's starts to go down, i don't back off until it's finished.
are we finished?done.
elaine, i'm so glad you came out.
yeah you haven't seen jimmy for years.
i know, i'm glad i got to see him before he hit puberty and got, you know all lurchy and awkward.
actually, i'm gonna need someone to look after him tomorrow evening.
tomorrow evening, sure.
do you know anyone responsible?do i know anyone??well, if you think of anybody, give me a call.
what are you doing?incense, for the mood.
oh yes, by no means, the mood.
 let me know if there's anything i can do to lend support to the mood.
um, cream soda?vanilla.
can you believe that, vivian doesn't think i'm responsible?who wants to responsible? when ever anything goes wrong, the first thing they ask is: who's responsible for this?i couldn't raise a kid? come on, i love bossing people around.
what happened, i thought you were with tara tonight?i was, i had to leave.
 she lit some vanilla incenses.
 the smell drove me nuts, all i could think about was food, i had to get out of there.
 we need some pudding here! pudding!you just left? what did you tell her?i told i had a bus transfer that was only good just for another hour.
what?i don't know, i was starving jerry!oh, pudding! you want some?hey, you guys think i'm getting a little chunky?what are you kidding? we look great! you know what this pudding needs? the skin on the top, you know like your mother used to make it on the stove.
elaine, what do you think?i think you're getting a little pudding under the skin yourself.
my service rates went up? you banks are all the same with your hidden fees and your service charges.
 well, maybe i'll just take my blood elsewhere, yeah.
well, we can transfer to another bank for you.
oh, no no no no more banks.
 i'm keeping my blood in my freezer with my money!so eh, what do you say?i guess we could use some food in our lovemaking.
ok, we got your got your strawberries, your chocolate sauce, your pastrami on rye with mustard, your honey wait wait wait, pastrami on rye with mustard?oh yeah yeah, don't you know they used pastrami in that movie ? weeks? remember the pastrami scene?no.
well, maybe it was ghostbusters? where ever it was, it worked!didn't go for it, huh?no.
so, she didn't appreciate the erotic qualities of the salted cured meats?she tolerated the strawberries and the chocolate sauce, but eh, it's not a meal, you know? food and sex, those are my two passions.
 it's only natural to combine them.
natural? sex is about love between a man and a woman, not a man and a sandwich.
jerry, i'm not suggesting getting rid of the girl.
 she's integral.
maybe instead of trying to satisfy two of your needs, how about satisfying one of somebody else's.
hey, speaking of which, i found a great way to separate the skin from the top of the pudding without leaving any around the edges; exacto knife.
i told you george, no more pudding.
 i'm starting a purification program.
 keep all that kind of food away from me.
well, i guess these would be out of the question.
 what the hell is that?pudding skin singles.
hey buddy, i'm borrowing all your tupperware.
oh, why?i closed down my account at the blood bank.
what, it it's here in the building?right across the hall.
 what, you wanna go see?no i don't! in fact, if even one corpuscles of that blood should find it's way across that hall i will freak out on you kramer! freak out.
you know, for a fat guy you're not very jolly.
hey, working out?you know it and i ditched all my junk food.
what the heck is going on here?sorry buddy, clean house.
 it's all health food.
well, i may have to take it, but i don't have to like it.
vivian left me a message.
 i guess a certain someone changed her mind about whether someone was responsible enough to watch certain other someone.
is this about me?no.
oh, then i lost interest.
vivian, hi it's elaine.
 yeah, i'm over at jerry's, i got your message what? yeah, he's right here, hold on for me? go yeah, what tonight? yeah, i'll be there yeah later.
 s baby-sitting.
you? i'm more responsible than you are!don't be ridiculous.
 now, if you'll excuse me, i have to go to fill my freezer with my own blood.
oh, tara!hello, vivian! oh, this is a nice screen.
kramer don't take my money!it is me, you idiot.
 hi, all right you've got to get out of here, i'm gonna baby-sit the hell out of that kid.
no, i'm the baby-sitter.
no no no, you're out, i'm in.
 now, hit the road.
elaine? what are you doing here?kramer is actually sleeping one off, so i thought that i'd help out well, i guess this would be all right.
 jimmy, you remember elaine? she's gonna watch you tonight.
hi jimmy.
 hey, what are you doing here? i thought you were baby-sitting at vivian's.
there was an incident.
oh no, where's the blood? t it?would you stop it.
what is this?it's jell-o.
what about this? this is blood isn't it?!this is tomato juice, look ooh, you're sick! you're sick!!will you calm down.
 i took all my blood down to newman's.
 he let me put it in his meat freezer.
hey, what's going on? who made pudding?oh yeah yeah, george he came by and made more of those pudding skin singles.
 they're delicious.
damn that george, i told him i don't want this stuff around here anymore heads up!aaah you're dead, president lincoln! you're dead!i wish i was dead.
can i have your juice?as long as you don't put thanks for the re-fill.
hey, elaine! how did it go?oh, he's he's a joy really? some sitter have told me he's bit of a handful.
oh, handful of sunshine.
 i wish i could do this every day.
oh elaine, that's so good to hear.
 i've been having a few health problems lately.
it's not serious, is it?well, it might be.
 just in case anything does happen, it's nice to know there's somebody like you around.
oh yeah, that eh that is nice to know.
 aah!it's ok, jerry.
 i'm right here.
i can see that! what happened?that knife, it nicked your jugular.
 you know jerry, when somebody yells heads up', you're not supposed to actually look up.
i'll remember that.
anyway, you were lucky that i was there.
 you lost a lot of blood.
what?oh yeah, you've got three pints of kramer in you, buddy.
three pints of kramer's blood?i can feel his blood inside of me.
 borrowing things from my blood.
well, so much for purification week.
so, how's the fornicating gourmet?doing quite well, thank you.
 yesterday i had a soft boiled egg and a quickie.
 you know what? if i could add tv to the equation, that would really be the ultimate.
george, we're trying to have a civilization here.
hey.
hey, how was baby-sitting?oh, just great.
 i found out that vivian has some kind of medical problem and if the worst happens she wants me to take care of jimmy.
oh, i'm sure it won't be the worst.
it doesn't matter.
 if anything happens to her, i'm on deck! scissors mishap, air show disaster, chinese organ thieves it's a dangerous world.
she's right, i heard kramer got mugged out on the suburbs on a baby-sitting gig.
really?look at this, look at the hair on the back of my neck.
 it's all bramble, see it's like thicket back there.
 look, i need somebody to shave it for me, huh?i'm not touching that thing.
well, i have to say i'm very surprised and disappointed - blood brother.
oh, no what? jerry, i gave you my blood.
 listen to your pulse, hey buddy-hey buddy-hey buddy kramer, i'm not shaving your neck.
so, my blood is not enough.
 would you like a kidney too, because i'll give it to you? i'll rip it out right here and stack it on the table!all right, all right i'll do it, sit down.
no no no, i don't have time right now.
 i'll catch you tonight, we'll do sort of an all over kind of thing, all right?hello?kramer called, he told that you were in a hospital.
kramer called you?he calls every week.
 are you all right?yes, i'm fine.
he says he's fine.
tell him to eat a plum.
jerry, you really have to take better care of yourself.
 we bought you some session with a personal trainer.
i don't need a personal trainer.
 ll talk about this later.
plum why are you calling my parents?well, maybe if you called more often, i wouldn't have to.
 listen, is it all right if i watch a tape in here?why here?well, i'm taping canadian parliament, you know on c-span.
ok is it all right if i watch it in your bedroom, cause your bed is really nice?fine ok!no no no no no no no no no no! i do not want that in here!blood!all right.
hello, dough boy.
mr.
 mandelbaum? you're the personal trainer?i'm here to whip you in to shape, so grab your jocks - if you need one.
 it's go-time.
elaine? elaine?oh, hi, oh god.
 i didn't here you come in.
where's jimmy?i don't know, i don't know we had hohos for dinner and then eh and then he put this plastic bag over his head and started running around until he got tired and then he laid down somewhere i i tell you i'm no good watching that kid.
sleeping like an angel.
 elaine, you're the best.
no! i'm a scatter brain.
 that's why i probably can't hold a job or keep a man!be quiet.
 so, will you watch jimmy tomorrow?all right, but i'm running out of purses here.
 ok mr.
 mandelbaum, what you want me to do?don't get puss honey, and pick up that medicine ball.
is this a gym, or some kind of fitness museum?not funny, over your head with it.
 are you ready?for what?all aboard in the pain train!how many session did my parents paid for?not enough to make a man of you, daffodil.
oohoho spicy mustard woohoho, you're hot tonight!oh, george!and now for the trifecta.
 george? george? what are you doing?! pleasuring you?what is this?we're making sausages.
i thought you were gonna watch a video.
yeah, an instructional video about how to make your own sausages.
kramer, i'm not in a mood for this.
all right, all right.
 newman, let's go grab some mail sacks and haul these beauties out of here.
blood over there, sausages over here.
 i'm living in a slaughter house.
tonight i want you to sleep on this.
 toughens the vertebrae.
 what in holy hell? sausages? is this your diet?no they're not mine mr.
 mandelbaum don't lie to me, butter bean.
 we're taking it up a notch.
so, the free love buffet is over?i got greedy.
 flew too close to the sun on wings of pastrami.
yeah, that's what you did i can't believe i got another session with izzy mandelbaum, he's probably makes me box a kangaroo.
what's going on?i don't know.
 this sandwich is making me flush.
oh no, i'll tell you what you did caligula; you combined food and sex in to one disgusting uncontrollable urge.
i think you're right.
 you gonna eat that?no, but please tell me that's all you're gonna do with it.
jerry, i tell you; if this woman dies, it is going to be a major inconvenience.
these fries are really really good all right, that's enough of that.
 i mean i can't shake this woman.
 you know, now i have to go to jimmy's birthday party.
uuh, sleepy.
no matter what i do, i cannot weasel out of raising this kid.
well, sleepy here is quite a weasel, maybe he can bat for you.
yeah, that's what i need; a pinch weasel.
why did you get rid of that sausage?it wasn't me, it was mr.
 mandelbaum.
yeah well, newman's not happy, he booted me out of his freezer.
 look, i've got to take my blood back to the bank, can i borrow your car?what's wrong with yours?i got no a/c and i gotta keep the blood cold or it'll go bad.
all right, but this is it, this is the last favor, we're even!all right, even steven.
 oh, by the way, when you get back to your apartment try to keep it down because newman is taking a nap in your bed.
oh, man t do that.
oh, mama shees, come on vivian elaine!hi! this is my friend george.
hi i'm gonna go say hi to jimmy.
ok.
 re up.
oh, isn't elaine fantastic?yes she is.
 it's a pity we won't be seeing much more of her.
really, why?oh, you haven't heard, she's going to live with her grandparents in redding pennsylvania.
her grandparent passed away five years ago.
yes they did.
 i was covering.
 elaine has been deported back to scotland.
she's american citizen, i have seen her passport.
all right, no more lies.
 elaine is been chosen to represent the upper west side in the next biosphere project.
i haven't heard anything about another biosphere.
that's because it's underwater.
this is insane.
is it?yes it it.
well, it's all for charity, so what's the difference.
you very knowledgeable.
well, i'm also an architect.
 is that pastrami?yes it is.
 i find the pastrami to be the most sensual of all the salted cured meats.
 hungry?very.
oh, wait oohh vivian!!is this really necessary?if you wanna live in a butcher shop, i'm gonna treat you like a piece of meat.
what if i can't keep up?you lie, you dry.
 fire it up, son.
move it, move it! get those knees up! come on, kick it, kick it!what's going on?oh my god, the blood!get up boy, get up! we got a problem here! tough it up.
 this is for real, you've got to want it so how long did they drag you?well, for the first quarter mile they thought that i was just doggin it.
hi george.
 hi jimmy.
yeah, jimmy why don't you wait outside, you know, play with something.
ouch!what's the kid doing here?i'm baby-sitting! vivian asked me to raise him if she doesn't make it.
oh, that's a drag that kid you put blood in the car?!jerry, it was overheating.
 you should take better care of that thing.
well, they told me that i got more blood, so i guess i owe you again.
you didn't get the blood from me.
then who?hello jerry.
aaaaahhh !!!aaaahhh !!!aaaaahhh !!! yeah.
 yeah.
 all right.
 uh-huh.
 chinese food! s my chinese food, i gotta run.
 all you.
who was it?i did a show for a car dealership and they're getting me a new saab.
what about your old car? they couldn't get kramer's blood out of it?no, the engine clotted.
 you know who set this whole thing up for me? frank merman.
fragile frankie merman? i never liked that guy.
why? he's harmless.
every summer you guys went to camp together.
 i was jealous.
 felt like he was the summer me.
he was not the summer you.
 besides, you had a summer me.
 whitey fisk, the guy who snuck you into last tango in paris.
i made him up.
so you never saw last tango in paris?no.
too bad.
 it was erotic.
 ve had it with these jackbooted thugs!'pottery barn'?i got three pottery barn catalogs in one day.
 that makes eight this month.
 d go out with me?why don't you just throw em out?oh, no.
 i've been saving them up here in your apartment.
 and now, it's payback time.
 pottery barn is in for a world of hurt.
 can i have one? i need one of those old-looking phones.
 so you wanna grab a bite?i can't.
 i gotta make the weekly call to the folks.
so call now.
i gotta prep.
 i need a couple of anecdotes, a few you-were-right-abouts.
 it's a whole procedure.
 wasn't fragile frankie the one that used to run into the woods every time he got upset?that's him.
is he still nuts?what do you think? they gave me a new car for thirty minutes of so, who's from out of town?' ve ever had, or what?mmm.
 de-lish.
delish?delish.
 you know, short for delicious.
oh, like scrump.
yeah.
 m gonna be late.
 see ya later.
excuse me, can i borrow your ketchup? oh, sure.
thank you.
 hello?hey, it's georgie.
let me put your father on the phone.
ma!who is this?dad, it's me.
 hey, listen, i was at fortunoff's the other day, and, you know what, you were right.
 chinese food.
 sorry, george, our chinese food just came.
 talk to you later.
chinese food? em back!?so, maybe they had chinese food?after dark? please.
 at their age, that's like swallowing stun grenades.
well, there's one way to check.
 where there's chinese food, there's leftovers.
 well, gentlemen.
 lainie is in love.
that's dynamite.
 yeah, i'll look for the chinese food leftovers.
hey, hey, hey! i met this guy! and it was like this, totally unreal, fairy tale moment.
it wasn't whitey fisk, was it?oh, george's friend.
 whatever happened to him?nothing.
 uh, i don't know.
 i gotta go.
so, this is beautiful.
 you, and puddy, and this new guy, in a big pot of love stew.
oh, yeah puddy.
 well, i won't fire him until i see if this new guy can handle the workload.
 m gonna attack this problem at the choke point.
stop the mail?that's even better!jerry!hey, frankie! so, where's the car?this is it.
inside the van?it is the van! don't you remember, we always talked about how cool it would be to have a van and just drive?we were ten.
come on.
 let's take it for a spin.
i don't want a van.
well, just tell him you want the saab.
you don't understand.
 this is fragile frankie merman.
 when we were in camp, if you upset him, he'd run out to the woods, dig a hole, and sit in it.
well, i have an idea.
 keep the van, and get a bumper sticker that says, if this vans a-rockin', don't come a-knockin'.
'always helpful.
oh, georgie, what are you doing here?just dropped in for a visit.
 you, uh, you never called me back.
uh the phone broke.
well, we got to get moving.
what? where are you going?we have a catered affair.
you're going like that? s creative black tie.
 move, woman.
 suspicious.
elaine, i'm sorry i'm late.
i'm gonna be in the can.
okay, jack.
 can i use your phone?sure.
 s chairs, huh?aye, aye.
oh, there's a spot.
 just back up.
hold on.
 there must be a truck backing up.
no, that's us.
great.
 you know, frankie, i was wondering.
 what if i decided that it's silly to drive a van, because, you know, i live in new york city.
 is there maybe some way i could exchange it?you don't like the van?no, no, no.
 just hypothetically.
i gotta go to the park.
no! no, you don't! no woods.
 i love the van.
 i'm a van guy.
 s see them get by these bricks.
where'd you get the bricks?jerry, the whole building is brick.
so you want to take a ride with me out to jersey? i'm gonna try to sell the van to a lot.
a dealer? are you insane? no, take out an ad.
 sell it privately.
i don't think i want to meet the people that are in the market for a used van.
come on, jerry, just let me help you.
ok.
all right! ok! right, here we go.
 yeah.
 ok, so for sale.
 a big, juicy van.
 and, ooh, you gotta put down, interesting trades considered.
'i don't want to trade.
no, you don't have to.
 it's all about tickling their buying bone.
hey, you know what? this is all your mail.
 they're puttin it in my box now.
oh, that's it.
 they have gone too far.
 they keep pushing me, and pushing me.
 now i got no choice but to go down there and talk to them.
hey, jerry.
 i'd like you to meet someone.
 this is jack.
 may i help you?yeah, i'd like to cancel my mail.
certainly.
 how long would you like us to hold it?oh, no, no.
 i don't think you get me.
 i want out, permanently.
i'll handle this, violet.
 why don't you take your three hour break? oh, calm down, everyone.
 no one's cancelling any mail.
oh, yes, i am.
what about your bills?the bank can pay em.
the bank.
 what about your cards and letters?e-mail, telephones, fax machines.
 fedex, telex, telegrams, holograms.
all right, it's true! of course nobody needs mail.
 what do you think, you're so clever for figuring that out? but you don't know the half of what goes on here.
 so just walk away, kramer.
 i beg of you.
is everything all right here, postal employee newman?yes, sir, i believe everything is all squared away.
 isn't it, mr.
 kramer?oh, yeah.
 as long as i stop getting mail! welcome back.
oh!quick for a catered affair.
i don't know what you mean.
you ditched me.
 that's twice.
 now i demand to know what's going on!george, we've had it with you.
 understand? we love you like a son, but even parents have limits.
the breakups, the firings.
 and every sunday with the calls.
what my wife is trying to say is that this is supposed to be our time.
i'm not following.
we're cuttin you lose.
you're cuttin me loose?now, if you'll excuse me, i'm going to make love to your mother.
they don't want to see me anymore!but this is what you've always wanted.
it is.
 i'm just not ready yet.
aw, that's kind of sweet.
ah, shut up, jerry.
 my parents think they can ignore me.
 heh heh.
 well, they better think again.
oh, no.
 george, please.
 what are you going to do?you remember my cousin rhisa? i'm gonna date her.
mother of god.
one little wink.
 she'll freak out, tell my parents.
 they'll be all over me.
 who is this guy?that guy elaine's dating seems really familiar to me.
 i think he may have been a comedian i worked with one time.
 wait a minute, what is this?that is the guy!elaine's in love with the wiz guy?no, she thinks she's in love with him.
 but she's just remembering this old commercial.
that's pretty pathetic.
i know.
 they're not even related.
 hey.
uh hey.
 i'm gonna get going.
hey, have fun at the family reunion.
 so, what do you know about this jack fellow?isn't he the best?yeah, nobody beats him.
 what kind of work does he do?oh, right now he's a fact checker for new york magazine.
 it's not much, but it has a certain type of quiet dignity.
 right, quiet dignity.
 as opposed to, say, this?oh, no.
oh, yes.
 hello? yeah, the van is still for sale.
 sure, come on buy.
 yeah, i called about the van.
 some more merlot?yeah, thanks.
sure.
 you know, rhisa.
 i've always found you very attractive.
what?i know it may sound shocking.
 but, i just can't stop myself from wanting you.
you want to borrow money, right?no, no.
 i-i just want us to be together.
all right.
all right?let's go for it.
well we could dance around it a little first.
 s be really bad.
whoa! whoa! geez! re selling it?you know why i'm selling it.
 i hate it.
how many miles?two.
city or highway?look, do you really want to buy this thing, or what? m not paying for that.
all right, just get out of here.
all right, look.
 i'm going to be honest.
 i'm very interested in the van.
ok, fine.
 what do i have to do to put you in this van today?' .
you put that in! m glad i did.
 here.
you want to trade me an undershirt?no, i want to trade you screen legend anthony quinn's undershirt.
 he took this off to do sit-ups in the park and i nabbed it.
that's disgusting.
well, it's my final offer.
you dumped me for some idiotic tv pitchman.
look, i'm sorry, puddy.
 it-it was a mistake.
 so, let's just put it behind us, and we can continue like this never happened.
gee, i don't know.
 what if we're out somewhere and you see the maytag repairman.
you're not taking me back? s right.
he's not idiotic.
 he's the wiz.
 and nobody beats him.
 nobody  here you go.
 mail is evil.
 pass it on.
 hey, mail blows.
 fax it to a friend.
why does this dummy have a bucket on its head?because we're blind to their tyranny.
then shouldn't you be wearing the bucket?yeah.
 move along, betty.
is this, uh, jerry seinfeld's van?well, not anymore.
 he traded it to me for some hollywood memorabilia.
i'm, uh, i'm so stupid.
what? m sorry.
yeah, nice to meet you.
she's into it?she's leaving me dirty messages on my answering machine.
so have your parents found out about it?she wants to keep it quiet.
 she thinks we have a real future together.
brave new world, alright.
 hey, you guys.
hey, how's the anti-mail campaign going?oh, it's fantastic.
 we were out in front of the post office today, and not one person went in.
it's sunday.
why is the mailman wearing a bucket?huh? well, it symbolizes our persecution.
then shouldn't you be wearing the bucket.
hey, i want my van keys back.
oh, well.
 i, uh, thought we made a deal for quinn's t-shirt.
are you insane? give em to me.
no, i can't, i can't.
 see, i told frank he could borrow it.
 yeah, he wants to move some of george's stuff into storage.
wait a minute? he's picking up the van tonight? this is perfect.
 i'll drive rhisa to someplace romantic.
 then when my father slides the door open, i'm in the van kissing his brother's daughter.
oh, listen, jerry.
 one of your friends came by and he was very upset that i had your wheels.
oh, no, not frankie.
well, i didn't catch his name, but then he went running into the park.
oh, no, the woods! the hole! hey.
kramer, what the hell are you doing?i know, i'm gonna switch the bucket to something else.
not that!what?you're in trouble, kramer.
 i shouldn't even be talking to you, but i'm telling you as a friend.
 here's how it's going to happen: you may be walking.
 maybe on a crisp, autumn day just like today.
 when a mail truck will slow beside you, and a door will open, and a mailman you know, maybe even trust, will offer to give you a lift.
are you through?no! and no one will ever see you again!are you through?yes.
 no, wait! ok, yes.
 quick! get in!oh, no, no, no.
 that's exactly how you said it was going down.
there's another way it can go down, and it's going down right now!no.
 you said a mailman i know, and you're a mailman i know!i know you know, but you don't know what i know.
 hey!frankie! frankie! frankie! frankie, is that you?my name is edgar.
have a nice night.
thank you.
 stupid so stupid! jerry?all right, george.
 i'm ready.
yeah, hold on.
 i'm, uh, i'm just trying to get a reading on my dashboard compass.
 where are my parents?geor-gie  s van?! s he saying?i think he's saying son of sam'! oh, my god!no, they caught him.
 t berkowitz! ohh so i told him, hit the road.
 i'm going back with jack.
'elaine, that's the second piece of good news today.
really, what was the first? m the wiz again.
what? m the wiz!well what, what about your fact-checking job? m the wiz and noooobody beats me! frankie come on out of there.
you hate the van.
but i'm keeping it.
 as much as i hate the idea of being a van guy, it's much better than hanging out here with the nocturnal dirt people.
so, can we go for a ride?yeah, let's just get out of here.
 good.
 he left the door unlocked.
why did kramer have to park the van in the woods?isn't it obvious? there are no parking meters out here.
 wow! hey, look at this.
 hoochie mama!oh, my goodness.
 what have they done to you here?huh? who are you?well, you can just call me henry.
henry atkins? the postmaster general?last time i checked.
henry can i get out of here now?oh, oh.
 sit a bit.
 sit a bit.
 i mean, after all, i drove all the way up here from d.
c.
 just to talk to you.
oh?i even had to cancel a round of golf with the secretary of state.
 do you like golf, mr.
 kramer?yeah.
kramer, i've been, uh, reading some of your material here.
 i gotta be honest with you: you make a pretty strong case.
 i mean, just imagine.
 an army of men in wool pants running through the neighborhood handing out pottery catalogs, door to door.
yeah! ha ha.
well, it's my job.
 and i'm pretty damn serious about it.
 in addition to being a postmaster, i'm a general.
 and we both know, it's the job of a general to, by god, get things done.
 so maybe you can understand why i get a little irritated when someone calls me away from my golf.
i'm very, very sorry.
sure, you're sorry.
 i think we got a stack of mail out at the desk that belongs to you.
 now, you want that mail, don't you mr.
 kramer?sure do! s better.
 geez.
 newman? tell the world my story.
hey, george!jerry! hey, that's the guy!what? george costanza, frankie merman.
oh.
 the summer me.
the winter me.
you must be george's cousin.
girlfriend.
all right.
 .
don't go a-knockin'.
 oh, my god! oh, my god!now you gotta sell this van.
oh, yeah.
what you saw in that van was a natural expression of a man's love for his lady.
ohhhh your father's right.
 it's beautiful.
and it was safe.
oh, god now if you'll excuse me.
 once again, your mother and i oh make it stop.
i just think if you borrow my blender you should return it.
well what's the difference -- come on -- were like cain and able.
yeah, ya know cain slew able.
no he didn't.
 they were in business together it was dry wall, or somethin'.
oh, no.
all right then, what was it?well i think able worked hard all summer harvesting his crops, while cain just played in the field.
 then when winter came, able had all the nuts; cain had no nuts, so he killed him.
the way i remember it, cain, he was a successful doctor, but when he took this special formula, he became mr.
 able.
ya broke my blender, didn't ya?yeah.
 well i was trying to make gravel and it just t work out.
i knew it.
why were you making gravel?well i like the sound it makes when you walk on it.
aahh, this looks familiar of course.
 it's garbage.
no, no, no, no.
 these brown things.
 the chairs.
 they must be throwing it out.
 this stuff belongs in the smithsonian!yeah, at least in the dumpster behind the smithsonian.
look at this.
 boy, one minute elliot gould is sitting on you and the next thing - you're yesterday's trash.
come on, kramer, get out of there.
no, no, no.
 you go on ahead.
 i'm not finished taking this in.
 oh, jerry look merv griffin's cigar.
 you know i uh, spilled a yogurt smoothie in here two days ago.
 hm, can't smell anything, can ya?banana?right.
george watch out for those pigeons.
oh they'll get out of the way.
 you really smell banana? so uh where we eating?and it was his idea to put a sprig of parsley on the plate.
you're making this up.
 there was never a joseph garnish.
wow! oh yeah the toys.
where did you get all these?my dad was a collector.
 i inherited them after he died from a long painful bout with super bowl! hey, an original g.
i.
 joe.
 with a full frogman suit.
jerry, what are you doing?i'm putting this on him and we're going to the sink.
ohhh jerry.
 ve never been played with.
i just want a, touch em a little.
i said no.
 now come here.
hi m new here.
hey walter, what is the deal with that guy?uh-he's lou filerman.
 he's new here.
 hey your coffee stain looks like fidel castro.
you've been an enormous help.
you ran over some pigeons? how many?what ever they had.
 miranda thinks i'm a butcher but i-i-it's not my fault is it? don't we have a deal with the pigeons?course we have a deal.
 they get out of the way of our cars, we look the other way on the statue defecation.
right! and these pigeons broke the deal.
 i will not accept the blame for this!so miranda's cooled on ya?i'm getting nothing.
yeah, me neither.
really? i thought you and celia were sleeping together?oh, the sex is wild but she's got this incredible toy collection and she won't let me near it!i don't understand women.
here comes one.
hey.
 what's going on?hey art garfunkel?no, castro.
right.
all because of this creepy new guy at work.
 he just - he just comes out of nowhere and he's right next to you!so he just sidles up?that's right! he's a real sidler.
 maybe you just didn't see him.
wha-you never see him.
 he sidled me again in my office.
 i was sitting there making cup-a-soup singing that song from the lion king'.
hakuna matata?i thought i was alone.
that doesn't make it right.
see, to me, the hakuna matata is not nearly as embarrassing as the cup of soup would you just, let it go? hey, jerry! come here a sec!hey! oh my god! how did you get this in here?oh, you just bring it in sideways and hook it.
so where you gonna sleep?yeah backstage.
ehnn! this chair smells like garbage.
 s - they were not as hygienic as they appeared on tv.
 you take mannix for example.
i'm gonna get that.
 all right.
 well, jerry, we'd love to have you back anytime.
 well, elaine benes! well, it's great to have you! re even more beautiful than the last time i saw you? ahh, ah-ah we had a deal!mr.
 peterman, here are these pages that you wanted.
one moment.
 i'm reading the most fascinating article on the most fascinating people of the year.
 annnnnd, done.
 oh, yes.
 i'm sorry i needed this so quickly .
 it must have been an awful lot of work.
 thank you very much, you two.
what? so three dates and she still won't let me play with her toys.
hm, that's interesting.
 you know someone mentioned to me you were not very happy with your toys, growing up.
yeah, that was me.
oh, that's right, right, right.
 and uh you mentioned that uh, you didn't get a g.
i.
 joe.
 you had an an army pete.
right.
he was made of wood and in the rain he would swell up and then split.
and we all know how painful that can be.
 jerry.
 oh there - -oh, elaine benes.
 well, this is quite a thrill, yes.
 come - - come on sit down.
 yes.
 ll tell ya, this sidler guy is really chapping my hide.
ju - excuse me.
 yeah we're, talking this way.
well, he's getting credit for work that i did! he's gonna sidle me right out of a job.
ah, now, for those of us who don't know, uh, sidling is what?kramer, what is wrong with you?what do you mean?well, for starters, you're looking at note cards m gonna have to give that guy a taste of his own medicine, so, i am going to sidle, the sidler.
you, sidle? y-you you stomp around like a clydesdale!not with these honeys.
 wrestling shoes! only in new york.
 ha hajerry?oh! s our good friend, george costanza! what a surprise!turn music off yeah, sit, sit, sit weeell! well, it happened again.
what happened?eyaaaya-ya-ya, i'll ask the questions.
 what happened?well i just stomped some pigeons in the park.
 they - they didn't move.
all right, let's uh, change the subject, ah.
 now, uh you and uh, jerry dated for a while.
 tell us ah what was that like?that was the wrong card.
i-i don't get these birds! they're breaking the deal.
 it-it's like the pigeons decided to ignore me!so they're like everyone else.
 s take a short break.
 okay ah, re back!boy that-that bank clock is-is eight minutes off.
then why don't you just run it over too?zing.
george, what are you doing?did you see that? that-that pigeon didn't move! i had to swerve to get out of the way! i saved that pigeons life!what pigeon? you drove right into that squirrel.
 squirrel? well, we have no deal with them! pkew, pkew, pkew, pkew, pkeeew!jerry! those hands! they never stop!i'm sorry.
 got any booze? what's say you and i get ripped!no.
 thanks.
 i have a headache.
 can you just get me an aspirin?all right.
ohh, will not cause drowsiness'here's the new copy you wanted.
ah, yes.
 well this certainly looks like a lot of words.
 in record time.
 i'm very impressed with both of you.
 unfortunately, i am also disgusted.
 this is incoherent drivel! this is a total redo.
 and i'm assuming i need it right away.
well, i guess we'll just have - uhn-uh-uhn - uhn-uh-uhn - - veeer, veeer, veeer, veeer, veeer, veeer, veeer, veeer a-ha ha! mission accomplished! back to base, joe.
 doctor is the squirrel going to live?there's been massive trauma.
 we could of course try to save him but, it would be costly, difficult and we'd have to send away for some special really tiny instruments.
well, uh, are there any other options?we, could put him to sleep.
what might that cost?well it's by the pound.
 so about cents.
well? d like you to, do everything possible.
he, um.
 he's not going to be the same, you know?yeah.
 yeah.
 i-i know.
so they're flying the tiny instruments in from el paso.
el paso? i spent a month there one night.
 el paso!what's he here for?eue-aaa.
ah to take some of the pressure off of me.
 so, jerry ah, what's going on with you? i understand there's a young lady in your life.
 mmm.
well, actually, it's kind of a funny story because she has this amazing toy collection and last night i finally got to play with them.
well.
 sounds like things are progressing.
 do i hear, wedding bells?are you married right now? newman.
 actually she doesn't even know about the toys.
 i gave her the wrong kind of medicine and i, guess she passed out!what do you mean wrong kind of medicine'?she's even got that old mattel football game that we love!oh, come on! you gotta get me over there!wait a minute, wait a minute! you mean to say that you drugged a woman so you could take advantage of her toys? let's pause a moment.
 re on my set - you clean it up, mister!i told you he was a risk.
oh, like he's not just carrying you! and has been for years!yeah? well, you bombed! that story stunk worse than these chairs!smile, everyone! we're back!you wanted to see me, elaine?yes, lou.
 s just that your my dead tooth?no.
 your.
 not my breath?uuhhh.
what can i do?well, you should never ever go anywhere, without these.
thanks, elaine.
 you're such a super lady! more wine and turkey? hmm.
 so when i saw george on the street with an pound turkey and a giant box of wine, i thought: what a coincidence.
 we're just about to eat.
what is that stuff in turkey that makes you sleepy?tryptophan.
 footnote - see end of script)ahh.
 i think.
 have some more wine.
 what video did you get?oh.
oh, george brought home movies of his boyhood trip to michigan.
four hours.
more heavy gravy? lately, though, i've been, uh, - i've been buying the generic brand of waxed beans.
 you know, i rip of the label i can hardly tell the difference.
we've officially bottomed out, mm.
 who's our next guest?we got no one!we need a new format.
 we should shut down and re-tool.
what about a guest-host?i'll pretend i didn't hear that.
doctor, how's the squirrel?is he dead?no.
 fortunately, the special tiny instruments arrived just in time.
 would you like to visit him?yes he would.
you uh, you have minutes.
 so uh, squirrel.
one more thing mister costanza, we just need to know what time you'll be picking him up tomorrow.
what's that?oh, we're discharging the squirrel.
 we think he'll be better off at home.
he has no home.
 he's a squirrel.
hmm-hm.
 your home, mister costanza.
 just make sure he gets his medicine six times a day and keep his tail elevated.
 maybe it'll be fun having a pet.
it's not a pet! it's a wild invalid! and it knows that i tried to kill it.
 as soon as it gets better, it's gonna gnaw my brain out in my sleep!jerry, tomorrow? i want you to come by the set.
what about my questionable material'?nope, we got a whole new format.
 edgy, youthful, plus we got jim fowler!jim fowler? the animal guy from wild kingdom is coming to your apartment?well, i practically raised his kids.
that's perfect! he's a zoo guy! he take's care of animals.
 c-can i bring the squirrel by?what? two animal acts on the same show? i gotta get to fowler.
 i know that he would take this squirrel off my hands.
 it's practically bionic!hey! ve got that problem, solved.
tic-tacs work?he's a human maraca.
boy, my knuckles are still cramped from that football game.
you took him over to celia's?what? it's a victimless crime.
what about the woman who's been drugged and taken advantage of?okay, one victim.
i think it's unconscionable.
hey, last night, i found a whole weeble village right behind the ez bake oven.
ez bake oven?who wants cupcake?oh, me, me, me, me, me!you know, that batter is, like, years old.
 you step on it and it flushes.
why is your father giving a tour of a rest stop? stop squirming.
oh, don't look.
 t-this is the part where they change me.
you're like eight years old.
 georgie.
i was seven and a half.
that noise.
 that's the noise!what?that infernal rattling sound that has plagued me these past two days - and i could not find the source.
 in my office, in the hallway.
 even in the men's room! shame on you, elaine!no, no, mr.
 peterman that wasn't me!that reminds me of the hatian voodoo rattle torture! you haven't gone over to their side have you?no mister peterman.
because, if i hear one more rattle - just one - your out on your can.
 and if you are undead - i'll find out about that too.
  we have to talk.
oh, right.
 ooh, stop it! bad voodoo.
 you gotta stop using these.
why?because they're turning your teeth green?i only buy the white ones.
o-kay well then your teeth are green for a different reason.
 you just gotta stop carrying these, okay? just just mouth wash.
i can't.
 it burns my cankers.
binaca?again.
right, right, cankers.
 um, i got it! chew gum!i hate gum.
 the only guy i ever liked came with the mickey mouse gumball machine.
 they stopped making that years ago.
well, stinky, this is your lucky day.
okay.
 a little later, we're gonna be talking with animal expert, jim fowler.
where are the cameras? but first, we're talking with, jerry.
 okay, jerry, uh, you uh, you drugged a woman in order to play with her toy, collection.
 how do you feel about that?it was great! i've done it a few more time since then.
and she doesn't know anything, about this?no, not a thing.
well, jerry, we have a little surprise for you! come on out, celia!what kind of a sick twisted creep are you?woah.
what, what is this? what is she doing here?it's the new format.
 scandals and animals.
 git gt gt.
if you think you can drug me and play with my toys, you got another thing coming, buddy!go girl!well, what kind of woman drinks an entire box of wine?ohhh!mister fowler, i-i have a squirrel here that is a miracle of modern science! george i told you we're booked!careful.
 hawks and squirrels don't get along together.
ohhh.
 another interesting confrontation.
 this could be spicy.
 yeah, george bring him over.
uh.
no, you idiot! hawks eat squirrels!ahhhh, ahh, ah, ahhh, ahh, ah! are we getting this?so the whole set was destroyed?well, the squirrel kept scurrying and the hawk kept clawing.
well, at least we know the prosthetic squirrel hips work sorry bout the set.
i'll tell ya it was a grind having to fill hours a day.
 i'm not sure i was ready to have my own talk show set.
i got the nut bread, george.
 let's go.
 so the squirrel's gonna make it?yeah, he's in my bed.
 i'm sleeping on the couch.
on the couch? so you're still getting nothing!so go ahead pigeons.
 hu hu hu.
 laugh it up.
 i'm getting in my car now and the last i heard we have no deal!i'm glad you called, elaine.
 i really needed to talk to someone.
oh well, hey, i dated jerry too.
 i-i know what a monster he can be.
 more wine and turkey?who's he? oh, he's nobody.
 hey, listen, let me top that off for ya.
 hey.
morning.
look, this is crazy, i can't go on like this.
but why?i need some space.
does that mean i have to go too?you don't think she's just talking to me?hey, shut up.
you shut up.
i hate this.
you'll get used to it.
 it's like a grubby scrub.
no, i don't want this anymore.
we'll come to work with you.
and on your dates.
and shopping.
and to the bathroom.
elaine, elaine, elaine, elaine i can't breath i'm sorry re killing me! your background is impressive george, but how does it apply to what we do here, at kruger industrial smoothing?well, at the yankees it was all about smoothing things over, you know, chiseling away, grinding down.
 in fact we used to call it the grind'.
it says here that you worked at play now for four days?that should be , let me just george, i have to honest; i could go either way with you but what the hell, we need someone, huh.
you won't regret this, sir.
i don't care.
 let's find you an office.
the boom box incident?summer of i'm at the beach.
 this family sits up next to me.
 i go in to the surfs and when i come from out, my clothes, my towel, my umbrella, they're all gone.
 i am furious, i start screaming to these kids demanding my stuff back and finally i lose it; i grab their boom box and i chuck it in to the ocean.
seems reasonable.
then i see my clothes floating out there.
 the tied took them out, not the kids.
even more reasonable.
so now, the father is screaming at me, he's demanding that i pay for the boom box.
 finally, i gave them a fake address and got the hell out of there.
and that guy is your new boss?until that stupid photo jogs his memory.
kruger? that's not kruger industrial smoothing, is it?yeah.
grinders, sanders, wet stones.
 they are the ones who botched the statue of liberty job.
right, they couldn't get the green stuff off.
it is a horrible company.
 there's no management what so ever.
 i could go hog wild in there.
you now what you do? you sneak that photo out of there for couple of days and get it air brushed.
like retouched.
you remember that photo of me and gerald ford and i took it in.
 got that ford right out of there.
oh, this is good.
 this kruger guy is clueless.
 i can't wait to work for him.
look at this.
 this sandwich is terrible.
 everywhere you go, they give you this misshaped shardy meat.
 look at this i haven't had a decent sandwich in years.
neither have i.
hey, our meat problems are solved.
where did you get this thing?i traded it to my sausage press.
 look how thin that is, see that's all surface area.
 the taste has nowhere to hide.
hey.
hey, spice.
 welcome to flavor country.
yeah, that's pretty good.
hey, i got a date with that doctor you met.
sara sitarides?mmhu.
oh what's with you?you remember that next door neighbor of mine, the apartment that always smells like potatoes?your whole building smells like potatoes.
this jackass goes to paris, leaves the alarm on.
 it's been beeping since : this morning.
you know, that happened to lomez, so he blew his neighbor's circuit.
how do you do that?yeah well, that's easy.
 just let me finish this mile high and i'll be right with you.
 oh, and jerry, we are gonna need a case of kaiser rolls.
i think we might have one left in the stock room.
this hallway smells like potatoes.
i know, i know, this is it.
 ok, oh, you see this socket it's probably connected to her apartment.
 so what we'll do, we'll take this paper clip and bend it so it'll short out the entire circuit.
 here you go i think i'll let you do it.
no no no.
 it's easy, you just do it quickly.
no, i really don't want to.
well, i don't want to either.
i thought you had done this before.
it's just it's no picnic.
well, how are we gonna do it?alright, fine fine, i'll do it.
oh mama.
are you okay?i will lose that nail.
i enjoy the challenge of medicine.
 naturally you have no idea what it's like to have someone's life depending on you.
well, i have this neighbor a joke.
 do you have any idea how it feels like to save someone's life?is it anything like hitting a home run in softball?no.
cause i hit a whopper last week!here you go, airbrushed in to sand and sky.
what did you do here? you took out the wrong guy.
i thought you said you wanted to be out?well, i'm still here.
 you took out the other guy!you've really lost a lot of hair.
i am aware!the cat.
he took out kruger?i just pray kruger doesn't realize that it's gone until this guy can fix it up.
this slicer is indomitable.
where did you get that butcher's coat?you buy enough meat, they'll give you anything.
kramer, my neighbor has a cat.
 when you blew the power, we must've shut off the automatic feeder.
see, that's the same thing that happened to lomez.
what did he do about it?well, he moved to a hotel and the cat eventually died.
well, this meowing is absolutely worst than the alarm.
oh, that's a prickly one.
yeah, how's the doctor date?eh, died on the table.
 just spent hour and a half making me feel, if i don't save lives, i'm worthless.
well, she's very focused.
 dermatology is her life.
dermatology?yes, she's a dermatologist.
saving lives? the whole profession is; eh, just put some aloe on it.
the slicer! elaine, let's go.
where are we going?the cat.
 just grab that meat and let's ride.
when are you going on your next date with her?oh, what's the point?what, you're gonna pass up a wonderful opportunity to put that aloe pusher in her place?revenge date? that sound like you more than me.
this good be so sweet, jerry.
 saving lives? she's one step away working at the clinique counter!dermatologist? skin doesn't need a doctor!of course not! wash it, dry it, move on!you're right.
 i'm gonna call her right now and tell her off.
no no no no no, this has to be carefully orchestrated.
 you go to a fancy dinner, flowers flowers?yeah, you gotta do it classy so, you've done this?almost.
 couldn't get the girl go out with me the second time.
i think we are looking half a millimeter.
can it cut that thin?oh, i've cut slices so thin, i couldn't even see them.
how did you know you cut it?well, i guess i just assumed.
hold on kitty, dinner's coming.
yeah, that's a hall of famer.
alright, let's do it.
alright, here we go.
 yeah, watch that baby slide come on, come on kitty ooh how about that; it worked! wow, can i borrow that thing for a while?oh no, i don't think so.
why not?well, you're not checked at on it.
what do i have to know?well, where the meat goes?right there.
where do you turn it on?right there.
but where does the meat go?restaurant, flowers this is so nice.
well, i'm a classy guy.
 how's the life saving business?it's fine.
it must take a really really big zit, to kill a man!what is with you?you call yourself a lifesaver.
 i call you pimple popper md!dr.
 sitarides?mr.
 parry, how are you?i just wanted to thank you again for saving my life.
she saved your life?i had skin cancer.
skin cancer! damn.
you were right kramer, this slicer is absolutely amazing yeah, yeah no no no i'll bring it by tonight ok bye.
these heals are so uneven.
 here you mr.
 costanza.
what is this? this is a drawing.
looks real, doesn't it?this is a cartoon!hey, i had to draw that guy from memory.
 considering, i think that's damn good.
but it's not a photograph, i need a photograph!then you better get a camera.
he looks like a peanuts character.
i know.
 the only way to fix it now, is to get a whole new photo of kruger.
you can do that.
without his shirt on.
you can't do that.
 well, maybe kruger wasn't the place for you.
it seemed so disorganized.
i understand.
what about the coast guard? seems like a lot of pride there, a lot of tradition.
true.
 you mean, for you?i think.
what about your sea sickness?maybe i could be a land guy.
i don't know if they have land guys.
someone's have to unhook the boat before it leaves the place!pliers?drawer.
got it.
what are they for?i eh i got a piece a my heal stuck in a slicer.
come again?okay, i got a little slicer happy, but listen; don't tell kramer, okay? he has very strong feelings for it.
i forgot to ask you; how did the revenge date go?eh, it went okay.
did you dressed nice, did you do it classy?yeah, i started out real classy yeah you did, you classed it up!but then i found out about the skin cancer.
oh, so it backfired?yeah.
so, i guess i was lucky that i never tried that myself.
of course she treats skin cancer.
 that's how i met her, she was doing a skin cancer screening at peterman.
 that's what dermatologists do.
sadly, that knowledge could've help me.
wait a minute, she did a skin cancer screening at peterman?aha.
could she do that at kruger?i don't know, i guess.
so i set up a screening, everyone takes their shirt off and click, i snap me a shot of a bear-chested kruger.
you have a little thing for this fella'?jerry, you gotta talk to sitarides.
yesterday you said i had to get my revenge on her!and that was wrong, jerry! you simple must to apologize must i?yes! because it is the mature, adult thing to do.
how does that reflect me?elaine, alright where's the sp ? cause i gotta slice.
aah, i forgot it.
 i gotta get home.
ok, i'll go with you.
umm, i'm not actually going straight to home, i have to first stop at the eh circus, you know with all the clowns.
oh, well you have fun oh no clowns hate clowns the clowns.
so again, i'm sorry.
 i had no right to yell at you, you're a life saving doctor and i'm just a comedian jerry, enough.
 i'll do your friend's cancer screening, because i believe in that, but as far as you and i are concerned; it's off.
was it pimple popper md?that's the one.
 still got it.
out, damn heal!elaine?kramer?yeah listen, i need my slicer back.
just hold on!hey, what's going on?nothing m on the phone with someone my blade is all dinged up.
 oh, come on! elaine!phone call! i'm in a big phone call!come on, this is important! hey, get the hell out of here!wow, that's a lot of potatoes.
so, george took my slicer down to kruger and they're smoothing it out for me.
what the hell is this?boy, that looks like an allergic reaction.
 have you been wearing a fake beard?no.
well, what have you been doing?nothing, i got up, run some errands, i went down to sara's office and apologized whoa whoa, backup, dr.
 sitarides, what happened there?well, i tried to apologise, it didn't go over that well there, there's your hives.
what, she gave me hives?jerry, as the bible says; thou who cureth, can maketh ill.
she did kind of touch my face.
now you listen to me, you've got to find this woman and tell her that you're not a test tube pin cushion.
it does itch.
 maybe i will go down at kruger and talk to her.
alright, great, because i got to get down there and pick up my blade.
 hey, and i couldn't find that stock room.
oh, that's fantastic.
i just talked to mr.
 kruger, he'll be down in a minute.
 he wanted me to take a photograph for the record.
what record?his personal file, i, i don't ask jerry? what brings you here?i don't know, this? looks like hives.
where do you suppose that could've come from?jerry, what are you doing he is just setting the record straight.
come on sitarides, cop to it.
 what brand of perverted science do you practice?are you suggesting i somehow i infected you on purpose?i want the antidote, pimple popper!that's it, i'm out of here! you're insane.
am i? you touched my face.
 i didn't imagine that!dr.
 sitarides don't go! oh, thanks jerry!hey george, hey doc.
 we doing the screening here?aah, yeah, yeah.
 won't you head on in, we'll be in in a second.
 be right with you.
doc, huh?kramer, this is perfect.
 i need you to go in there, pretend you're a doctor and check this guy for moles.
moles, yes.
 freckle's ugly cousin.
and get a picture of him, with his shirt off.
you really are cooking up a little scheme here, aren't you?alright, lets get in there.
 quick, quick, quick this is it.
 i can take this anymore.
male mammal.
 approximately to years of age.
 weight uh indeterminate.
 ok, mr.
 kruger, we are gonna take a photo now for the records.
 so if you'll stand up please and give me a big smile, oh no no no, not that big.
 yeah, that's nice, yes okay.
 yes, let's have a looksee ok, so eh, fiber from shirt on the left shoulder.
 i'm gonna have to keep my on that.
how long have you been doing this dr.
 van nostrand?uuh, long long time.
 yes, i've seen moles so big they have their own moles.
 freckles that cover two men.
so, how am i looking?oh, so far, so good yeuye kramer, i really owe you one.
george, we got a problem.
what?well, he's got a mole on his shoulder.
 very suspicious.
so, tell him you're concerned about it and he should see someone else.
george, why would i, a juilliard trained dermatologist, send him to another doctor?because, you're not a dermatologist.
he thinks i am.
 i'm not gonna betray that trust.
 here's what i wanna do; i think i can get a section whoa, whoa, a section?!yeah, if i could crab my slicer and he'd hold still no, you're not taking a deli slicer to my boss it'll be operative thing, he would barely feel it.
no! absolutely not!well, it's my medical opinion, that you're making a big mistake.
 and it's going in my chart.
yeah, hello is this allied lock smith?! oh, finally, listen i need someone to come over here right away!turn it off! turn it off!i am getting a lock smith, alright?! relax!alright, that's it!yeah, the address is th west oh, oh mama so, kramer pulled it off?yep, and the photo was all fixed and back on his desk, no thanks to you.
well, that woman had it coming to her.
 look at my neck, it looks like i had a beard of bees!why don't you see someone about it?i've called everyone.
 you know how hard it is to get a dermatologist in this town? a real dermatologist.
 squamous cell carcinoma.
you're not a doctor.
 you shouldn't even have books like this.
george, that's what he has and i have to give him a call.
 now we gotta came clean.
you can't tell him the truth, you're gonna blow the whole thing.
i don't want this on my conscience.
i'll get him to see a real doctor.
 you just stay away from this.
yeah, alright hey, i wonder if they have a picture of my rash in here.
they've got everything there, jerry.
 i underlined the best parts.
hey, this looks like the thing i have.
 caused by exposure to benzene, a common ingredient in metal cleaners.
well, that's weird.
what are you doing?well, i'm cleaning my slicer.
that's my hand towel! i use that on my face, hands and chest! that's where the hives are coming from! it's not from dr.
 sitarides, it's from dr.
 van nostrand!so, somehow the bronzo s giving you.
alright, get out.
 and take your bronzo with you ohh, that's toxic.
 ououou .
george, come in.
 i'm just going over our annual report boy did we take it on the chin last year.
eh, listen mr.
 kruger, i got a message from dr.
 van nostrand and he says it might be wise to you to see another doctor about that mole.
i'm not too worried about it.
well, he said it could be cancer, maybe you should get it checked out.
george, take a look at this photo.
 this is taken years ago.
 that mole looks exactly as it does today.
 so, there's no cause for concern, eh?whatever.
actually, funny thing about this photo.
 we were at the beach and there was this dumb looking guy near by.
 when he went in for a swim, my sons and i took all his stuff and threw it in the ocean! what a pear shaped loser.
well, that pear shaped loser was me! and i was in that photo, until i broke in here, stole the photograph and airbrushed myself out of there!well, i'll be you have lost a lot of hair.
that's what they tell me!do you want more pastrami?um, what was that last thing you gave me? that was pretty good.
yeah, it was olive loaf.
 you want that?i can't believe kruger didn't fire you after all you did.
he said he didn't care.
 oh, god i love that place.
 hey, have you seen other dermatologist?yeah, i finally got to see dr.
 kazarian.
 he said it was really bad.
what did he give you for it.
aloe.
 so where's that lock smith?have to give him time on this hour.
can i have a zip? oh yeah, coming up so, elaine, are you going to sleep with me or what?! m too tired to even vomit at the thought.
 re rested.
 ll come around.
yeah, i hope so.
 for your sake! i said i was sorry.
you can stuff you sorries in a sack, mister! would you please stop saying that?! what is up with you two?i don't want to talk about it.
 so how was the big trip?i don't want to talk about it! well, what happened to your nose?i don't want to talk ab-ow!-t it! well, you gotta give me something! come on, how was the wedding? was the bride radiant?she was.
'till she found out elaine slept with the groom.
  t go to the bathroom the entire time we were in india.
i can't believe we went all the way to india for a wedding!that's it! the wedding's off.
what? but, sue ellen- elaine, you were my maid of honor and you slept with my pinter?!no, no, no! it was years ago - before you met him.
 and, and i - i got to tell you it was very mechanical.
i have never been so humiliated! idiots! this is all your fault! not me! him! his fault! he betrayed me! m sorry.
oh you can stuff your sorries in a sack, mister! t know what that means.
 nina, you have to decide right now.
 jerry or me? alright neither.
what?! well, what are you doing here?a free trip to india.
 and by the way, you can take off those boots.
 everyone knows you're five six.
five eight! five seven! re still best friends, right?no.
 and take that stupid thing out of your nose!that's got to hurt, i don't care where you're from! what time is our flight back? i got to go to the bathroom.
 hey.
hey.
what happened last night?oh, you were pretty loaded.
 i know.
 i woke up with this.
oh.
 hello, tetanus.
george, i've used the bathroom.
 it's fine.
 ll sweat it out.
 are those timberlands painted black? is your nose pierced? yeah.
 i believe you know nina.
 george, we need to talk.
 ve done a lot more than talk! you betrayed me!alright, i admit it.
 i slept with nina, but that's all.
 t know what all the rest of it is for anyway! m really sorry.
you can stuff your sorries in a sack, mister! d you get that one?it's an expression.
  s the only way to punish you!that doesn't punish me.
 it punishes elaine! and cruelly, i might add.
 funny guy!hey! monkeys! knock it off.
 my best friend is trying to get married up here!elaine, you have to sleep with me.
 m not gonna sleep with you.
reparations!would you grow up, george?! what is the difference? nina slept with him s all ancient history.
 you slept with the groom?!oh, thank you, fdr! all right, now we're even.
i-i-i stuck a rock in there too.
all right.
alright, fdr.
 this wish is for all the marbles.
 you win, you get your wish - i drop dead.
 i win, i don't drop dead, and i get one-hundred percent anti-drop-dead protection -- forever.
alright.
oh, man! all right, come on.
 there's got to be something that'll change your mind, fdr.
 something mama! george knows that you slept with nina.
 that's why he was acting so weird.
how did he find out?he schnapped me.
you know you're not supposed to drink while you're keeping a secret! is there anything else?i can't tell you.
 here, drink this.
okay.
 i slept with the groom.
pinter?he used to be called peter.
 so? who cares about that?sue ellen! if she knew, she'd call off the whole wedding.
oh, nobody's calling off any weddings.
 alright, it's time to go.
 come on up.
do you know what jerry is in indian? no, what? jugdish.
yes, jugdish.
hey, what if i got my, nose pierced? that would be pretty freaky oooohhhhaaa!  s a fine idea.
 well, good night.
g'night, jugdish.
 bless you.
thank you aah, hm mm.
ah, hello fdr.
 yeah, i'll have a hot one, everything on it.
these things'll kill ya but so what well, guess what, fdr? i made a wish on a shooting star last night, and i wished, against your wish.
that's funny.
 as it happens, i saw the same shooting star and double-wished you, to drop dead.
 s your change.
alright, i'm triple-wishing! yep! m quadruple-wishing!alright how do you like this? ya!i like it a lot.
   oh, god, it's so hot! what is that smell? s the stench of death.
george, you've been wearing those boots since i met you.
 you're not gonna wear them to the wedding, are you?no m gonna wear black shoes.
 t want me at this wedding, but here i am with a bunch of my idiot friends! this is gonna be great! elaine? oh! oh, i am so happy to see you! you are?well, of course! no one else was even willing to come to india.
 i mean, not even pinter's parents - and they're indian.
come on, sue ellen.
 you don't wear a bra, you're tall we hate each other!elaine, i know.
 i know we've had our problems, but i want you to be my maid of honor - and my best friend.
 huh alright.
 i guess.
uh, this is my fianc&eacute;, pinter.
 say hello.
 hello.
 peter?uh, no.
 it's pinter.
 does anyone want to use the bathroom? elaine, have you noticed george was acting strange the whole flight? no.
 what? like what? what? strange no.
 i  uh-huh.
 hey, look what they had on the plane.
 schnapps.
ooohh.
come on come on.
 yes! t drop dead!! hey, shut up up there!you shut up!aw, drop dead!hello, friend.
 enjoying the flight?coach to india - the only way to go.
 s a funny guy!you all right?of course i'm all right.
 i'm here with my girl, nina.
 and what better way to pass the time than gabbing with my best friend -- with whom there are no secrets.
 like this.
 since the fourth grade.
 t i beat you up in the fourth grade? right here!by the way, you never said anything to george about jerry and me, did ya?oh please it's in the vault.
ho, ha, ho! jerry seinfeld's a funny guy!hey, what time is it? you just asked me two minutes ago.
hey, what time is it?ah, i'm not wearing a watch.
oh yeah.
 how'd ya do that?i have no idea.
watch this.
 oh god so, jerry and nina, huh?oh, mm mm you already told me everything.
okey-dokey.
i mean, we had a deal, newman.
 and you were supposed to give my your birthday wish.
 and now you've wasted it! did i?newman, i'm bored.
aww does your girlfriend have to be here? does yours? m just hanging out in this hell-hole because of george.
alright, come on, newman.
 now you gotta help me! what am i gonna do about fdr?why don't you just make another wish?and how am i gonna do that, toots?what about a shooting star? s perfect.
  t ya?here's your plane ticket.
what are you talking about.
sue ellen sends me an invitation, one week before her wedding in india.
 tst, i'll show her by flying half way around the world?spite never sleeps (doing a little dance as she says itespecially when you got a layover in sarajevo.
 hey.
 re going to india with us tomorrow.
for how long?three days.
great.
 jerry, i gotta tell you, i had the best time with that nina last night.
 i - i think i'm in love with her already.
 you are a great friend.
 a great, great friend.
 hey - hey kramer, what are you doing? you want to borrow something? you want to eat something? come on in! nah.
you want to go to india?i can't.
 m gonna drop dead.
great! nina could go, huh? jerry, this is great.
 you and elaine.
 me and nina.
h-hey, kramer, wait up.
 i'll go with you.
i'm goin to newman's!great, i love newman!  jerry seem a little weird when i mentioned nina?nina? nina? no.
 psshhh not weird.
 no.
 nina.
why do you keep saying nina?i don't know.
 nina.
 nina! m gonna go grab a bite.
uhh i'll- i'll meet you down there.
 re gonna be late for the movie.
 you see, my dear, all certified mail is registered, but registered mail is not necessarily certified.
i could listen to you talk about mail all day.
anything you wish.
 i'll tell you a little secret about zip codes: they're meaningless! wish?! newman!lomez, i'm leavin' make a wish, newman! we've gotta get back to work in three hours!newman, wait! m with people.
yeah, yeah.
 and thanks for inviting me!i did invite you.
 your invitation must've gotten lost in the mail.
well, newman, i need your wish to protect me from fdr.
can't do it.
 i'm on an unbelievable birthday-wish hot streak! my last five birthday wishes came true.
come on! look, i'll give you my next birthday wish, huh? your next, fifty wishes.
forty-eight.
fourty-nine.
done! sucker alright, alright, back, savages.
 back! i haven't made my wish yet well, ahh, this mischke mish-mash is just gettin worse.
uh-huh.
i talked with the groom's parents mm-hmm.
 mm-hmm  and it's so obvious that they don't want uh-huh  me to go.
sure.
so, the only reason uh-huh.
 she sent me an invitation was that so i'd send her a gift.
uh-huh.
 jerry? uh, well, you know, a coffee grinder is nice.
 or a coffee maker.
 everyone likes coffee.
 anything to do with coffee.
 maybe you should go get some coffee.
oh.
 hi.
hi.
 oh, i should um sure.
yeah.
bye-bye.
bye.
  who else ya got back there?look, there was an awkward moment in the conversation.
 it never happened before.
you slept with nina? what are you gonna tell george?nothing.
 and neither will you.
 george can never know about this it'll crush him.
uh.
 alright, alright.
 i'll put it in the vault.
no good.
 too many people know the combination.
 what combination?don't be ridiculous.
oh my god.
 this drawer is filled with fruit loops!so what?and milk.
oh, geez  hello?hi.
 mr.
 and mrs.
 ranawat?please, call us usha and zubin.
oh.
 well, usha.
i'm zubin.
 anyway, your son is marrying my friend, sue ellen mischke.
you're not going to the wedding, are you?well don't go.
 india is a dreadful, dreadful place.
you know, it's the only country that still has the plague? i mean, the plague! please!here's the registry.
 send her a gift, and be glad you did not have to go.
 t go.
 send a gift.
 i think i understand.
if i had to go to india, i wouldn't go to the bathroom the entire trip.
 s fantastic.
and i'm not so crazy about manhattan, either.
oh, you were going to tell me all about george.
ah, just remember when you see him tomorrow night to tell him that the waiter liked him.
really?believe me.
 you know, i forgot how much fun it is hanging out with you.
i know.
 you know, we never had a bad conversation.
i know.
 no awkward pauses.
 probably the reason we never fooled around heh yeah.
probably the reason are - are you dense? i said i wanted you to drop dead.
 now drop dead!  i knew it stupid jerry kramer, i know what i'm talking about.
 there's no way fdr wants you to drop dead.
but you haven't seen just go back and ask him again.
 yeah that's right.
 my birthday wish was that you drop dead.
well, why? i have my reasons.
woah, wait, wait, wait.
 if you make a birthday wish out loud, it doesn't come true.
that's just a silly superstition.
 hey, fdr wants me to drop dead.
fdr? i go to his birthday part, and just before he blew out his candles, he gives me this look  stink eye? crook eye?evil, eye.
well, everybody's a little cranky on their birthday.
oh, it's a bad day.
 uh, you got everyone in your house, you're thinkin', these are my friends?!'everyday is my birthday.
 yeah, well, i can't have this hanging over my head.
 it's bad mojo.
hi.
you're not gonna believe what i got in the mail.
 invitation to sue ellen mischke's wedding.
 well, at least the wedding gown will give her some support.
not the point.
 the wedding is in one week.
 i got this today.
so you think it's a non-vite?it's an un-vitation! taller?timberlands.
 ah.
 s related to that guy i dated, peter ranawat ah, it's probably like smith over there.
jerry, would you make the call already?what call?he wants me to set him up with this girl, nina stengal.
 the one you think can replace me?i was kidding when i said that! told me the same thing.
 s jerry.
you-you sure you never slept with her? perfect.
 bout my friend, george? quite a guy, huh? s not sitting right i'll have the clams casino.
get outta here.
 hmm  i think she likes me.
sure.
so, how come nothing ever happened between you and nina? is there a problem with her? is she a man?are you?well, what's the reason?we were too compatible our conversations were so engrossing.
how engrossing?if we ever had a problem with elaine, we could bring in nina and not lose a step.
wow! heh.
 t, huh, have a replacement lined up for me, do ya? heh he he he he he anyway, like i was saying, i couldn't make the transition from conversation to sex.
 there were no awkward pauses i need an awkward pause.
i'm all for awkward pauses.
 fix me up with her wait a minute, nina just saw me in my timberlands! now i have to wear them every time i see her.
why?in any other shoe, i lose two inches.
 i - i can't have a drop down.
 we were eye to eye, i can't go eye to chin!so, you're gonna wear em no matter what the situation?in every situation.
 no matter how silly i look.
 hm tastes a little funky.
oh, i'm sure it's fine.
 to you!come on, make a wish! make a wish!yeah!heyyy, yeahhhh .
ah, this is the kind of day that almost makes you feel good to be alive.
almost.
 hey, new timberlands?yeah, and a whole new me.
 i'm up two inches in these babies!really?five eight.
 five seven.
jerry?nina?hi.
it's been years!yeah! george, this is nina.
nice to meet you.
nice to meet you, too.
 to india and they call it the world wide web.
 you can e-mail anyone! what are you, a scientist?!ah, i gotta go.
 ah.
it's great talkin'great talkin to you.
 what the hell is e-mail?how as the date?pretty good.
 i think she might be the one.
no.
whooo ooh french fries.
ah, george.
 baked, uh, potato.
uh-huh.
sorry.
yeah, you stuff your sorries in a sack, mister.
hey, hey.
 yeah, check it out.
 it's packin tight! what are you bringing snowballs in here for?oh, i need some water.
 ice it up nice and hard and when you throw it - pop! oh look, hi, elaine.
hey! s go someplace else, okay, peter?oh, hey, how you doing?oh, hi.
 i-i'm jerry seinfeld.
 i'm movin in.
 i saw your name on the buzzer - you must be kessler.
uh, no.
 actually, it's kramer.
oh.
uh, you need any help, or ?no, thanks.
 but i ordered a pizza.
 you want some of it?ah, no, no, no.
 i-i couldn't impose.
why not? we're neighbors.
 what's mine is yours.
  really? any second now.
 light is on! melissa, waffles are ready.
 m starving.
 how about that.
 mmm-hmm.
she ate breakfast naked?she didn't even want a napkin.
i've had bedroom naked, i've had walk-to-the-bathroom naked i have never had living-room naked.
oh, it's a scene.
it's like you're livin in the playboy mansion! did she, uh, did she frolic?i don't really have enough room.
 yeah.
 hey, lainie, puddy.
hey!hi.
hey.
 i got to make a pit stop.
 kay.
back together?his apartment was being fumigated, so we thought we'd give it another shot.
ah so guess who called me last night? jason hanke.
'stanky hanke'? what did he want?he called to apologize for standing me up five years ago.
why now?a.
a.
 it's one of the twelve steps.
 step number nine is you have to apologize to anyone you've ever wronged.
ho ho ho ho! i can't wait for hanke to come crawling back to me.
still with the neck hole?still upset.
 very upset.
what neck hole?remember that new year's party he threw a few years ago? he had that very drafty apartment, you know, i think on ninth avenue.
i asked if i could borrow a sweater.
a cashmere sweater.
i said preferably cashmere, for warmth.
 so in front of the whole party, he says, no.
 i don't want you stretching out the neck hole.
'ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!oh, yeah, sure, laugh it up.
 everybody else did!well, it's funny.
 i mean, you have a big head.
 or is it cause of your neck?no, i think the head does most of the stretching.
regardless.
 i had to walk around for the rest of the party in some cheap metlife windbreaker.
 now, it is payback time.
i really think it's the size of your neck.
it's my head!ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!hey.
hey.
isn't this great? with those nerds in accounting moved, you and i are the only ones who use this bathroom.
 yeah.
 great.
you went to the coffee shop without me? i told ya, i just wanted to hop in the shower.
that was an hour ago.
 what were you doing in there?showering.
 how long does it take you?ten minutes.
 s kooky talk.
 hey elaine, how long do you spend in the shower?ten minutes.
let me smell you.
all right.
 whiff away.
 s not bad at all.
 s it.
 ok.
so get this.
 i'm in the bathroom at work today, and i see peggy using a seat protector.
so?so we're the only women on the floor.
 i mean, we're like roommates.
 would-would you use a seat protector if you had a roommate? ll get that.
 well, maybe she just practices good hygiene.
 s probably one of those neurotic clean freaks.
mmm.
well, here's my shower routine.
 maybe i can make some changes.
 get wash cloth mittens and maybe some liquid soap, and just -pop- focus! zephyr? that is not a word.
do you challenge?no, i do not challenge.
 points.
 ha ha.
i'd accuse you of cheating, but i don't know where you'd hide the tiles.
you want some more ice tea?sure.
 wrong pipe.
so she coughed.
coughing naked it's a turn-off, man.
everything goes with naked.
when you cough, there are thousands of unseen muscles that suddenly spring into action.
 it's like watching that fat guy catch a cannonball in his stomach in slow motion.
oh, you spoiled, spoiled man.
 do you now how much mental energy i expend just trying to picture women naked?but the thing you don't realize is that there's good naked and bad naked.
 naked hair brushing, good; naked crouching, bad.
 hey, there's hanke.
all right.
 it's grovel time.
hey, george.
 jerry.
 listen, i just got sober, so i've been going through the twelve steps.
what are you up to now, uh, step nine?yeah.
 making amends.
important step.
 maybe the most important.
anyway, uh, jerry, you know, this may sound dumb, but, you know, when we first met i thought your name was gary.
 and, i think i may even have called you gary a couple of times, and i don't know if you noticed, but i always felt bad about it, so, i'm sorry.
thank you.
 i did notice, and i appreciate you rectifying it.
 ll see you guys later.
 t lose anything i needed.
 yeah, i think what i kept is even stronger now.
 you got some suds over here.
 m doing wrong.
oh, come on!no, i mean it, man.
 i'm lost!you promise you'll never come in here again? t do that.
 re probably wasting time working piecemeal, first cleaning one area, then another.
well, that's how cats do it.
but, when you have a faucet instead of a tongue, you want to use gravity.
ok.
 let's turn the water on now.
no, i told you, it's just a dry run.
 s moved on to step ten.
 he was spotted taking personal inventory.
that's step ten?all he has to do now is count his blessings, say a prayer, and he's done.
 do you believe this?come on, jerry.
 how about a-a baggy swimsuit?you're not gettin any skin, kramer.
well, this has all been one big tease! these proofs look pretty good.
 oh.
 can i move this? yup.
 i think this will work.
 m gonna get another bottle of water.
 s a little left.
 oh, thanks, walter.
 ahh! t just know if i see myself working with ice cream.
i don't know if i'm into that.
 oh, hello, hanke, others.
george.
you know, jason, i, uh, i couldn't help notice, i i didn't get my apology.
apology? for what?a drafty apartment? a sweaterless friend? a ball-game giveaway metlife windbreaker?george, come on, not that neck hole thing.
yeah, the neck hole thing, and i would appreciate it if you would say you're sorry.
no way, you would've completely stretched it out.
you're an alcoholic! you have to apologize.
 step nine! step nine.
all right, george, all right.
 i'm sorry.
 i'm very, very sorry.
 i'm so sorry that i didn't want your rather bulbous head struggling to find its way through the normal-size neck hole of my finely knit sweater.
 s smart.
 constant motion.
 wow.
 hey!oh, yeah, yeah, i-i'm watching you, too.
 but this guy's really showing me something! you got a steak?what happened to you?ah, people in this city are crazy.
 here ya go.
 m cooking a steak.
what?yeah, a different one.
 oh!jerry! ok, jerry.
 i fixed that bike.
oh.
 that wasn't really necessary.
 i don't ride it.
 it's just for show.
 i should really clean those bearings.
 hold this.
 look at all that gunk.
please don't crouch.
ouch! caught my skin.
oh, that's bad.
 especially that area.
you got anything to snack on?uhh  s a tough one.
look, please stop! let me help you with that! s gonna leave a welt.
 look at that.
 ve seen too much.
peggy, we've got to talk.
 what is it about me that you find so offensive?you seem to be with a lot of men.
what!? i happen to have a very steady boyfriend.
 you know, i mean, we broke up a few times and there has been an occasional guy here or or there, but, wh-why is this your business?it's not.
 good day.
 t it? you have a happy and a healthy.
well, technically he did apologize.
jerry, i felt like a straight man in some horrible sketch.
 he was riffing! riffing! on my pain!so now you want an apology for the apology, plus the original apology?that's right.
 i'm two in the hole!well, i hit the wall yesterday with lady godiva.
 she did a full body flex on a pickle jar.
did you explain to her about the good naked and the bad naked?where am i gonna get a fat guy and a cannonball?well what if you showed up bad naked, huh? you still got that belt sander?yeah.
 ll get the picture! hello?hey, jerry, guess where i'm calling from!world war i plane?no, i'm in my shower.
 well, you know, i'm trying to get out of the shower sooner, and then i ask myself, why? i mean this is where i want to be.
 so i got a waterproof phone, i shaved, i brushed my teeth, and now i ordered a pair of chinos from j.
 crew.
when are ya gettin out?i'm not! i'll see ya later, buddy.
bad news, people.
 peggy is home sick.
oh, please.
she's stuffed up, achy, and suffering from intense malaise.
oh, come on, we all have intense malaise.
 right?i just spoke with her, elaine.
 she's in bed.
yeah, let me tell you something: this is all in her mind, ok? she is insane.
 she thinks i made her sick because i coughed on her doorknob, rubbed her stapler in my armpit, and put her keyboard on my butt.
 yeah, she's a wacko.
so you're jason hanke's supervisor?sponsor.
whatever.
 listen, i'm very concerned about this guy.
he's doing very well.
 he's already on to step ten.
yeah, well when you don't actually do the steps, you can go through them pretty quick.
 you can get through six a day.
is there some unresolved issue between you and jason?i don't know.
 a little thing called step nine? instead of an apology, he was beboppin and scattin all over me.
i'm not sure what you want me to do.
well, aren't you the boss of him? you shouldn't let him move up! when i was in the cub scouts, i got stuck on weebolos for three years cause i kept losing the pinewood derby.
you're quite upset, george.
well, i think you should drop him down to step two.
admit there's a higher power?yeah, let him chew on that for a while.
all right.
 that's more like it.
 thank you very much.
 by the way, my uncle was an alcoholic, so  ll call ya back.
 what are you doing? d polish it up with this belt sander i have here.
no, not that.
 why are you naked?i thought naked is good.
 t good naked.
george, here, have a seat.
 s hanke? shhhhh.
ok, let's get started.
 welcome to rage-aholics anonymous.
what? rate-aholics?george, this can help you.
hey, i am not here for rage.
 i'm here for revenge.
excuse me.
 we have a no yelling policy at these meetings.
excuse me.
 am i talking to you, pinhead? am i?!please don't call me pinhead'.
i'm losin it!he took you to rage-aholics? why?probably because this whole universe is against me!you've got a little rage.
i know.
 and now they want me to bottle it up.
 it makes me so mad!by the way, my bad naked demo didn't quite work.
this bread has nuts in it! oh, great.
 elaine.
 what is wrong with my body?chicken wing shoulder blades.
that's it?no, but that's one problem.
 why?well, i was walking around naked in front of melissa the other day--whoa! walking around naked? ahh that is not a good look for a man.
why not? it's a good look for a woman.
well, the female body is a work of art.
 the male body is utilitarian, it's for gettin around, like a jeep.
so you don't think it's attractive?it's hideous.
 the hair, the the lumpiness.
 it's simian.
well, some women like it.
hmm.
 sickies.
 installing your clarkman garbage disposal.
 dismantle latch hasp beneath main drainage lot.
 oh, come on, clarkman.
 puddy.
is, uh, david puddy there?this is puddy.
well, this is kramer.
i know.
um, listen, you're a mechanic.
 could you help me install a garbage disposal?well, it's a big job.
 you've got to dismantle the latch hasp from the auxiliary drainage line.
no.
 it says main line'.
it's a misprint.
 what do you got, a clarkman?yeah.
 ll talk you through it.
oh, ok.
 well, thanks, buddy.
hey, puddy.
hey, babe, your boss called.
 you owe five bucks for a balloon bouquet.
 yeah, he says you can just give it to him tomorrow when you see him.
balloon bouquet? for who?peggy took a turn for the worst.
peggy.
 oh, great.
 i suppose she's still blaming me?that's what he said.
i don't believe this woman.
talk to me, babe.
she's this crazy woman who is convinced that my germs make her sick.
oh, germ-o-phobe.
 i know what that's about.
huh? m a recovering germ-o-phobe.
 ten years.
what is this symbol?it's a germ.
elaine, it was very nice of you to bring the man you're currently sleeping with over to talk to me, but i assure you, i don't have any problem with germs.
don't you? elaine.
 please!i know it looks bleak.
 i've been there.
 ten years ago waking up in bed next to a woman like this would've sent me running for the phisohex.
really?i still have trouble looking at those disgusting old bedroom slippers she slogs around in.
hey, i've had those since college.
 they're bunnies.
they're bacteria traps.
so you just learned to live with it?for the most part.
ok, we're broken up for the rest of the day.
so i'm glad we had a talk and worked this out.
 don't you feel this is better?this is nice.
yes, clothes.
 this is normal.
hey, what are you doing tomorrow? i was thinking that we could go down jerry? jerry, are you listening to me?oh yeah.
 what? i'm sorry.
i wanted to know what you're doing tomorrow.
oh, maybe a haircut, and, i don't know, maybe a  so you broke up?we couldn't carry on a conversation.
 i kept trying to picture her naked, she kept trying to not picture me naked.
hang on.
so what are you up to?oh, just cooking up a little thank you for puddy.
 hey, how do you make those radish roses?insert a knife into the center and twist.
 then, to make it bloom, soak it in water for thirty to forty minutes.
no problem there.
george.
 thanks for coming down to talk to me.
 i wanted to see you right away, but my hours here aren't very flexible.
 i just started yesterday.
well, i'm here.
 what is it?well, i talked to my sponsor, and, uh, i've thought it over, and, you know, my apology at the coffee shop was sarcastic, and rude, and you deserve much better.
 well, thank you.
you're welcome.
 can i get a triple minute man mint?waffle or sugar cone?uh, excuse me, uh, um, jason.
 i don't want to get into a big thing here, but i'm not sure if, technically, what you just said was actually an apology.
what?can you get on that cone?would you hang on just a second, son? george, what are you talking about?well, it's just, all you said was your welcome', which is nice.
 it's very nice.
 but i feel i gotta get the apology.
is there anybody else here but you?i'm alone, and it's my second day.
 you know, i don't even think we have that flavor so george, really, enough, ok? you know, i-i admitted i was wrong, so what more do you want from me?i would like an apology.
all right, look, you know--no, this guy doesn't know what he's doing.
oh, yes i do.
 yes, i do.
 ok? i'm interacting with someone here, if you can understand that.
 now, i'm sorry.
baah! there it is! you just said it! that's what i want! now say it again, and tell it to me.
i'm not saying anything to you.
 i'm not sorry.
 i was never sorry.
 it was cashmere.
 i hate step nine! where's that rum raisin? where is it? can't find anything.
 i need a drink.
 ah, daquiri ice.
 here we go.
 what are you looking at? get out! come on, can't you see we're closed?! get out! and what a pretty radish rose, huh?well, thank you.
here's to peggy, on her first week of being germ-free, free.
yeah.
 and here's to david puddy for helping me install a much needed and much appreciated garbage disposal in my bathtub.
you have a garbage disposal in your bathtub?oh, yeah, and i use it all the time.
 yeah, i made this whole meal in there.
this food was in the shower with you?mm-hmm.
 i prepared it as i bathed.
oh, germs.
 germs.
 germs!excuse me.
 is this, uh, rage-aholics? no, germ-o-phobes.
thanks.
 what are you guys doin here?kramer.
right.
 m a rage-aholic.
hi, jason.
uh, this is my first meeting.
step-skipper.
 that man is a step-skipper! he skips step nine!please.
 step nine.
that's right! he never apologized to me for saying that i would stretch out the neck hole of his sweater.
it wasn't funny.
it was a very nice sweater.
 take a look at his neck, not to mention the melon sitting on top of it.
 i don't know if i'd trust him with a v-neck.
he's beboppin and scattin', and i'm losin it!so whatley's still jewish, huh?oh, sure.
 with out the parents, it's a breeze.
hey! happy chanukah!hey, tim.
 great party.
 eh? eh.
 hey, george, thanks again for getting me those yankee tickets.
oh, yeah.
 still in good with the ground crew.
  this place is like studio with a menorah.
i'm gonna get some more of these kosher cocktail franks oh s coming out tonight.
you have a standard fake?mm-hmm.
 s neat.
 hi!hi, i'm jerry.
hi.
 jerry: you might not know it to look at me, but i can run really, really fast.
nice vest.
 i like the big metal buttonsthey're snaps.
 listen, maybe we should, uh, go out some time?why don't i give you my phone number?hey.
hey! how'd it go with the cocktail franks?great! i ate the entire platter! had to call in sick today.
didn't you call in sick yesterday?hey, i work for kruger industrial smoothing: we don't care, and it shows.
' re gonna open your mail here?hey, at least i'm bringing something to this.
 woah, something from whatley.
see? you give, and you get.
 ?oh, that's nice.
i got him yankee's tickets! he got me a piece of paper saying i've given your gift to someone else!'to a children's charity!don't you see how wrong that is?! where's your christmas spirit? and eye for an eye!hey!hey.
 later.
'atomic sub'? why are you eating there?i got a card, and they stamp it every time i buy a sub.
 stamps, and i become a submarine captain.
what does that mean? free sub.
what?nothing.
 it's a card from my dad.
what is it? what is festivus?it's nothing, stop it when george was growing up  jerry, no!his father no!hated all the commercial and religious aspects of christmas, so he made up his own holiday.
ohhhh and another piece of the puzzle falls into place.
 alright and instead of a tree, didn't your father put up an aluminum pole?jerry! stop it!and weren't there a feats of strength that always ended up with you crying?i can't take it anymore! i'm going to work! are you happy now?! oh, i can't believe it! i've lost my atomic sub card! oh no! i bet i wrote that fake number on the back of it when i gave it to denim vest!so?i've eaten bad subs, i just need more! it's like a long, bad movie, but you want to see the end of it!no, you walk out.
alright, then, it's like a boring book, but you gotta finish it.
no, you wait for the movie! i want that free sub.
you don't need the card.
 high-end hoagie outfit like that, it's all computerized! re cloning sheep now.
 s the same sheep! i saw harry blackstone do that trick with two goats and a handkerchief on the old dean martin show!so, why don't you just try your blow-off number and see if he's called it?that's a good idea.
 m going back to work.
what strike?yeah, h&h bagels.
 that's where i worked.
you?worked?bagels?yeah.
 look, see.
 i still have my business card.
 ve been on strike for years.
oh, i remember seeing those guys picketing out there, but i haven't seen them in a long time.
yeah, well, h&h wouldn't let us use their bath room while we were picketing.
 it put a cramp on our solidarity.
what were your demands?yeah, .
 an hour.
 and that's what they're paying now.
i believe that's the new minimum wage.
now you know who to thank for that! alright, i've got to go.
 why didn't you ever mention this?jerry, i didn't want you to know i was out of work.
 it's embarrassing! all right, everybody! i'm back!who are you?cosmo kramer strikes over.
oh yeah! kramer.
huh wha- didn't any of the guys come back?no, i'm sure they all got jobs like, ten years ago.
oh, man.
 makes you wonder what it was all for i could use someone for the holidays alright! toss me an apron, let's bagel! what are those?those are rasin bagels.
 d live to see that so, anyway, i've been giving out your number as my standard fake.
so.
 you're elaine benes.
 we've been getting calls fro you for years.
so, listen, when this guy calls, if you could just give him my real number  s here.
 elaine benes.
elaine benes?!you make a lot of man friends.
 you know who's a man? charlie here, he's a man.
 you know who else? me.
 i'm a man.
 m a man.
ohh my i'll have this best guy call your real number.
 you just, uh, give it to me.
 and that way, i'll have it.
 my number? ohh put a sawbuck on captain nemo in the third at belmont.
hey, jerry.
hey, tim.
what's up?actually, i'm having dinner with a girl i met at your party.
mazel tov.
jerry hi.
gwen?yeah.
 really?yeah! come on, our table is ready.
so, attractive one day - not attractive the next?have you come across this?yes, i am familiar with this syndrome -- she's a two-face.
 like the batman villain? if that helps you so, if i ask her out again - i don't know who's showing up: the good, the bad, or the ugly.
 clint eastwood!yeah.
hey, check this out.
 i gotta give out christmas presents to everyone down at kruger, so i'm pulling a whatley.
  - what is that? made it up.
 what do you think?it has a certain understated stupidity.
 the outlaw of josey whales! yeah.
ah, gentlemen bagels on the house!how was your first day?oh, fantastic! it felt so good to get my hands back in taht dough.
your hands were in the dough?no, i didn't make these bagels.
 oh, we try to fool them by putting a few fresh ones on top, but they dig they, they test.
alright.
 uh, well, i'm out of here.
 happy festivus!what's festivus?when george was growing up  no!his father stop it! it's nothing.
 it's a stupid holiday my father invented.
 it doesn't exist!happy festivus, georgie.
frank invented a holiday? he's so prolific!kramer, listen, i got a little phone relay going, so, if a guy calls h&h and he's looking for me, you take a message.
you're still trying to gget that free sub?hey! i have spent a lot of time, and i have eaten a lot of crap to get to where i am today.
 and i am not throwing it all away now.
is there a captain's hat involved in this?maybe.
kramer, i got your message.
 i haven't celebrated festivus in years! what is your interest?well, just tell me everything, huh?many christmases ago, i went to buy a doll for my son.
 i reach for the last one they had - but so did another man.
 as i rained blows opon him, i realized there had to be another way!what happened to the doll?it was destroyed.
 but out of that, a new holiday was born.
 a festivus for the rest of us!'that musta been some kind of doll.
she was.
merry christmas, merry christmas!  phil, i loved those cigars! incoming! ow!aw, mr.
 kruger, sir.
 merry christmas! not if you could see our books what's this?the human fund.
whatever.
 exactly.
 erica!and at the festivus dinner, you gather your family around, and you tell them all the ways they have disappointed you over the past year.
is there a tree?no.
 instead, there's a pole.
 it requires not decoration.
 i find tinsel distracting.
frank, this new holiday of yours is scratching me right where i itch.
let's do it then! festivus is back! i'll get the pole out of the crawl space.
 hello, frank.
hello, woman.
 kramer! kramer any word from the vest?no.
 ah, listen, harry, i need the rd off.
hey! i hired you to work during the holidays.
 this is the holidays.
but it's festivus.
what?you know you're infringing on my right to celebrate new holidays that's not a right.
well, it's going to be! because i'm going back on strike.
 come on elaine.
 s a walk out!no, i got to stay here and wait for the call.
what? you're siding with management?!no, i just  scab!hey.
boy, am i glad to see you.
you were expecting someone else?you never know.
 you know, you might want to take the tunnel.
so, uh, what do you feel like eating? chinese or italian?i can go either way.
 re telling me.
so, she was switching? back and forth?actually, the only place she always looked good was in that back booth over there.
so, just bring her here.
 this is all you really need.
i can't just keep bringing her to the coffee shop.
 i mean, what if things, you know, progress?lights out.
alright, i'll give it a shot! i do really like this coffee shop.
 nice cuff links, by the way.
 office christmas gift.
 i tell you, this human fund is a gold mine!that's not a french cuff shirt, you know.
i know.
 i cut the button off and poked a hole with a letter opener.
oh, that's classy.
well, happy festivus.
what is that? is taht the pole?!george, festivus is your heritage - it's part of who you are.
 s why i hate it.
there's a big dinner tuesday night at frank's house - everyone's invited.
george, you're forgetting how much festivus has meant to us all.
 i brought one of the casette tapes.
 read that poem.
 t read it.
 i need my glasses!you don't need glasses, you're just weak! you're weak!leave him alone!alright, george.
 it's time for the feats of strength.
no! no! turn it off! no feats of strength! i hate festivus!we had some good times.
hey.
i there.
 this is kramer, and frank.
hi.
 hello.
so, you ready to go?uh, why don't we stay here? the back booth just opened up.
 now this is a good looking booth.
protect festivus! hey, no bagels, no bagels, no bagels,  ll make you a sandwich.
 h&h, and elaine.
 s going down.
what did you do?you've been warned.
oh, hi! hey, the steam valve's broke.
can we still make bagels?sure.
 it's just a little steamy.
hey! how do you like your bagels now?!george, i got something for you.
  thousand dollars?made out to the human fund.
 m going home.
jerry, how many times do we have to come to this place?why? it's our place.
i just found a rubber band in my soup.
oh i know who's cooking today!hey! surprise, surprise!hey, georgie!i think i'm just gonna go.
i'll be here.
 hey, soup.
she didn't touch it.
ohh paco!  thousand dollars from kruger? you're not keeping this.
i don't know.
excuse me?i've been doing a lot of thinking.
 this might be my chance to start giving something back.
you want to give something back? start with the thousand dollars.
i'm serious.
you're going to start your own charity?i think i could be a philanthropist.
 a kick ass philanthropist! i would have all this money, and people would love me.
 then they would come to me and beg! and if i felt like it, i would help them out.
 and then they would owe me big time! m gonna need is a driver kramer, the vest just called.
 s fright night!oh, yeah, i got a little steam bath.
 listen, in minutes, i'm gonna have my hands on that atomic sub card.
and? ll see ya.
yeah.
kramer, hi!oh, hello.
it's gwen we met at the coffee shop.
ah-huh.
i'm dating your friend, jerry ahh i don't know who you really are, but i've seen jerry's girlfriend, and she's not you.
 you're much better looking - and like, a foot taller.
that's why we're always hiding in that coffee shop! he's afraid of getting caught.
oh, he's a tomcat.
steve.
hmm?it's elaine.
from tim whatley's party?yeah.
you look different.
i see you're still sticking with the denim.
 do you have that card that i gave you?well, i had it back at my place, but i can't go there now i'll give it to you later, or something.
no, no, no.
 you give me your number.
okay.
 sure.
 do you have the mumps?no.
typhoid?no.
 yama - hama!a fake number! blimey!george, we have a problem.
 there's a memo, here, from accounting telling me there's no such thing as the human fund.
well, there could be.
but there isn't.
well, i - i could, uh, i could give the money back.
 here.
 george, i don't get it.
 if there's no human fund, those donation cards were fake.
 you better have a damn good reason why you gave me a fake christmas gift.
well, sir, i - i gave out the fake card, because, um, i don't really celebrate christmas.
 i, um, i celebrate festivus.
vemonous?festivus, sir.
 and, uh, i was afraid that i would be persecuted for my beliefs.
 they drove my family out of bayside, sir!are you making all this up, too?oh, no, sir.
 festivus is all too real.
 and i could prove it - if i had to.
yeah, you probably should.
happy festivus!george? this is a surprise.
 s the suit?yo, dad.
 this is my boss, mr.
 kruger.
have you seen the pole, kruger?dad, he doesn't need to see the pole.
he's gonna see it.
happy festivus! yama - hama!i didn't have time to go home.
 what are you doing here?embracing my roots.
they nailed you on the g's?busted cold.
it's made from aluminum.
 very high strength-to-weight ratio.
i find your belief system fascinating.
hey! happy festivus, everyone! hee, hee, hee!hello again, miss benes.
what are you doing here?damnedest thing me and charlie were calling to ask you out, and, uh, we got this bagel place  s a festivus miracle!dinner's ready!let's begin.
dr van nostrand?uh that's right.
welcome, new comers.
 the tradition of festivus begins with the airing of grievances.
 i got a lot of problems with you people! and now you're gonna hear about it! you, kruger.
 my son tells me your company stinks!oh, god.
 t smooth a silk sheet if you had a hot date with a babe i lost my train of thought.
jerry!gwen! how'd you know i was here?kramer told me.
another festivus miracle!i guess this is the ugly girl i've been hearing about.
hey, i was in a shvitz for hours.
 give me a break.
gwen.
 gwen, wait! ah! bad lighting on the porch.
 d my horse do?he had to be shot.
and now as festivus rolls on, we come to the feats of strength.
not the feats of strength this year, the honor goes to mr.
 kramer.
uh-oh.
 oh, gee, frank, i'm sorry.
 i gotta go.
 i have to work a double shift at h&h.
i thought you were on strike?well, i caved.
 i mean, i really had to use their bathroom.
 frank, no offence, but this holiday is a little out there.
kramer! you can't go! who's gonna do the feats of strength? how about george?good thinking, kruger.
 until you pin me, george, festivus is not over!oh, please, somebody, stop this! s rumble!i think you can take him, georgie!oh, come on! be sensible.
stop crying, and fight your father!ow! ow! i give, i give! uncle!this is the best festivus ever!alright.
 that's enough.
 you're fired.
thank - you! when are they gonna have the flying cars, already? yeah, they have been promising that for a while years.
 when we were kids, they made it seem like it was right around the corner.
 i think ed begley jr.
 has one.
 no.
 that's just electric.
 what about harrison ford? he had one in, uh, blade runner.
 that was a cool one.
  s the competition, chitty chitty bang bang? well, what do you think the big holdup is? the government is very touchy about us being in the air.
 let us run around on the ground as much as we want.
 anything in the air is a big production.
 yeah, right.
 and what about the floating cities? and the underwater bubble cities? it's like we're living in the s here.
 it's good suspension!  shhh what is wrong with you? you never tell em you like the car.
 re here.
  re getting that vein again.
 i'm starving.
 we should have had lunch first  s getting me an insider deal.
 since when is elaine's boyfriend selling cars? i thought he was a mechanic.
 i guess he graduated.
 there's an easy move: go from screwin you behind your back to screwin you right to your face.
  thank you.
 puddy's just gonna give you the car, huh? re on your back like a turtle.
 all right.
 calm down.
 my father had a car salesman buddy.
 he was gonna fix him up real nice.
 next thing i know, i'm gettin dropped of in a le car with a fabric sunroof.
 all the kids are shoutin at me, hey, le george! bonjour, le george! let's stuff le george in le locker! jerry, i don't think this thing is hooked up right.
  in.
 you've got a good eye, there.
 i see you've noticed the uni-body construction.
 i'm rick.
 are you looking to buy or to lease? uh, borrow.
 it's for my friend.
 yeah, he'll be buying maybe i should talk to him.
 oh, i don't think so.
 no, he's an entertainer.
 you know, all over the place.
 that's where i come in.
 i see.
 so, you're his manag- yeah, neighbor.
 that's right.
 yeah, why don't we take this boiler out for a shakedown huh? look at these salesmen.
 the only thing these guys fear is the walk-out.
 no matter what they say, you say, i'll walk out of here right now! can i help you with something?  !  re just waiting for david puddy.
  here.
 hey.
 hey.
 sorry i'm late.
  my new salesman boyfriend took me out to celebrate his promotion.
 ah.
 where'd you go?  uh, to a restaurant.
 arby's.
 i had the roast beef so, puddy, i decided i'm gonna go with another convertible.
 all right.
 classic.
 high-five.
  david, can you tell me where the xerox machine is? oh, sure, babe.
 salesman-only copy room right there.
 oh.
  ll show you the .
  yeah, you show us the .
  and look at these features, mr.
 kramer: anti-lock brakes, automatic climate control.
 uh, an adjustable steering wheel, and oh, mr.
 kramer, you missed the turn no, no, no, i didn't.
 well, that's okay.
 ll make this next right, and swing around to get back to the dealership.
  ll handle my daily routine.
 well where are we going? just a little place i like to call, you'll see'.
 i'm starving.
 you got any of those free donuts you use to soften people up?  by the service department.
  no rust-proofing.
 commit to nothing.
 if you have to speak - mumble.
  au revoir, le george.
 don't think it can't happen! so, puddy, this is a pretty good move for you, huh? no more grease monkey'.
 i don't care for that term.
 oh.
 sorry, i didn't know no, i don't know too many monkeys who could take apart a fuel injector.
 i saw one once that could do sign language.
 yeah, i saw that one.
 uh koko.
 yeah, koko.
 right, koko.
 that chimp's all right.
 high-five.
 hey, hey, hey! what's goin on here? t agree to anything, did ya? no.
 we both just saw the same monkey.
  well, i got screwed on the donuts.
 there were none left.
 heh!   hey, gimme a dollar.
  s your money?  you.
 hey.
 where's puddy? the copy machine is broken.
  s what they want you to think.
 hey, elaine, have you noticed your boyfriend has developed an annoying little habit?  the squinting? no.
  the staring? no.
 he keeps asking me to give him a high-five.
  i thought all guys do that.
 slapping hands is the lowest form of male primate ritual.
 in fact, even some of them have moved on - they're doing sign language now.
 it's that bad? what do you think the nazis were doin'? that was the heil-five.
  t that from your act, like, ten years ago?  s still relatable today.
 good news.
 we got a in black.
 that's the hot color.
 high-five.
 um, david, you know what? can you come help me fix the copy machine? come.
 you owe me five.
 twix b- .
 ah, come on! ah, excuse me.
 do you have, uh, change of a dollar?  no.
 could i, uh, could i trade you for another dollar?  t have one.
  t help but notice that you have several crisp dollar bills.
  re incorrect.
  m very hungry.
  we had donuts earlier.
  ho, ho.
 what i would do with you uh, mr.
 kramer, we're really not allowed to use the cars to run errands.
 now look, rick.
 i'm very close to giving this car, that my celebrity friend is considering, my full endorsement.
 geez  i think the candy comes out over there.
 people can drop change down here, jerry.
 and they're too lazy to pick it up.
 either that, or they've got a weird little hang-up about lying face-down in filth.
 why don't you just go to the cashier? the cashier is at lunch - which is where i'd like to be.
 how much was under there?  bit me.
 i just need another nickel.
  ho, ho, ho! he's got a live one.
 he's just reeling his big fish in! hey, can i have my dollar back?  s worthless.
  come on! jump! they just put out some more donuts.
 they did?  last one.
 well, just one more errand and we can head back.
 actually, it looks like we're gonna need some gas.
 oh? well, how much gas do you think is in there right now?  .
 you know, rick, oftentimes, jerry - he lends me his car and i find myself in a situation where the car is almost out of gas.
 but, for a variety of reasons, i don't want to be the one responsible for purchasing costly gasoline.
  s car for free.
  well, i make it up to him in other ways.
 as you will see, the candy bar is paid for, and yet, remains dangling in the machine.
 it! well, how do you know that one's yours? uh, it was dangling! there were only two left in the machine! he must've bought one, and gotten both.
 sir, are you gonna buy a car? no! oh, ha, ha! ho, ho! paper jam got it! yay! on the flip side.
 david, um, i  .
 you're a salesman now - and the high-five is it's very grease monkey.
 what did i tell you about that? ah, i, i'm sorry, but the high-five is just so stupid.
  s stupid.
 you.
 stupid.
  oh, that is really mature.
 yeah? so are you.
 you're the grease monkey.
  t make any sense.
 i am leaving.
 yeah, if you leave, we're through.
 fine! we're through! oh, so you're leaving?  s  hey! wh-where are you ? let's finish this up.
 did you two break up?  uh, rust-proofing 'rust-proofing'?  s fee 'finder's fee'? it was on the lot! yeah, that's right.
 uh, floor mats, keys 'keys'?! how ya gonna start it? excuse me.
 i believe you just ate my twix bar.
 it was dangling.
 and when you purchased your twix bar, you got a little freebie, and you never bothered to ask why, or seek out its rightful owner.
 first of all, it wasn't a twix.
 it was a th avenue bar.
 huh.
 you must think i'm pretty stupid.
 that was no th avenue bar.
 i can see the crumb right there in the corner of your lip! now, that-that-that is a cookie - and we all know that twix is the only candy bar with the cookie crunch.
 it's uh, it's just a little nougat.
 nougat? please.
 i think i've reached the point in my life where i can tell the difference between nougat and cookie.
 so let's not just say things that we both know are obvious fabrications.
  a little vein there  t believe this guy hey, george! hey, starving! no, last one.
 listen, you gotta help me out.
 elaine and puddy just broke up, he's treatin me just like a regular customer, now! i tried to tell you, but you wouldn't listen.
 no, ho, ho! you were gonna get a deal, huh? there's no laws in this place.
 anything goes! it's thunderdome! is someone helping you? stay back!  where is it now? there's still some overlap between the needle and the slash below the e'.
 how low are you gonna go? oh, i've been in the slash many times.
 this is nothing.
 you'll get used to it.
 just, put it out of your mind.
 have you ever been completely below the slash? well, i almost did once, and i blacked out.
 when i came to, the car was in a ditch, and the tank was full.
 i don't know who did it, and i never got to thank them  mr.
 kramer, the road! whoop! whoop!  george, vein it up.
 all right, puddy, listen, and listen good: i need to know the name of that mechanic that walks around here.
 big guy, a liar.
 short name.
 sam? moe? sol?! george! can we focus on the car, here? i'm starving! i can feel my stomach sucking up against my spine.
  ll get you that yellow car ready to go.
 yellow? i wanted black.
 i can't give you black at that price.
  george, would you help me, please?  yes.
 this is wrong! sing it, sister! just because a candy bar fails to fall from its perch  oh, god  does not imply transfer of ownership.
 moe, sol, or lem is not gonna get away with this!  ll be right back.
 okay.
 hey, george! is it just the angle i'm looking from? no, sir.
 we are down there.
 oh, this is amazing! oh, i've never felt so alive! all right, i'm satisfied.
 we better get some gas.
 what? well, we can't stop now.
 what do you mean? we have to keep going - all the way back to the dealership.
 that was the plan.
 there was no plan.
 well, let's make it the plan! let's just go for it! like thelma and louise.
 what, they drove to a dealership? no, they drove off a cliff.
 you are one sick mama i like it.
 mr.
 kramer, the road! yup! yup! hello?  me on this car, which is yellow now!  who is this?  elaine! what?! you gotta get back together with puddy so i can make this deal.
  you know, just that you cared enough to call means so much, jerry.
 you're gonna get back together, anyway.
 it's thousands of dollars! oh, i don't know come on.
 then you don't have to see him again til my , -mile check.
 well, will you pay my cab fare out there? fine.
 and i didn't like that roast beef, so how bout some lunch? no.
 no lunch.
 i'll hang this phone up right now! all right! lunch! i'll see ya.
 bye.
  s ripping me off! yes, i'd like to report a problem with one of your mechanics.
 when did you bring the car in?  t i just flush my money down the toilet? sir, what, exactly, is the problem? one of your guys - kip, or ned, short name - stole my twix candy bar! are you saying he grabbed your candy bar away from you? he might as well have! i caught him, and his face was covered in chocolate and cookie crumbs.
 i thought you said it was a twix.
 oh, it was.
 but he claimed it was a th avenue bar.
 maybe it was.
 oh, no, no.
 twix is the only candy with the cookie crunch.
 what about the hundred-thousand-dollar bar? no.
 rice and caramel.
 nougat? no.
 positive? please.
 you know they changed the name from hundred-thousand-dollar bar to hundred-grand? all i want is my seventy-five cents back, an apology, and for him to be fired! i remember when you used to be able to get a hershey for a nickel.
 what's the one with the swirling chocolate in the commercial? they all have swirling chocolate in the commercial! not skittles.
 dad, i told you you could sit here only if you don't talk.
  you make your father sit here all day? he likes it! all right, do you mind? i have the window! now, what are you gonna do about my twix?  twix has too much coconut.
 no! there's no coconut!  m allergic to coconut.
 i'm not.
  a nickel! cab receipt.
 hey, puddy.
 i'm with a customer.
 uh no, no.
 no, elaine, the car can wait.
 what's important is you two getting back together.
 eh, then we'll talk about the car.
  s too bossy.
  david okay.
 now, i know this is an important decision.
 why don't we all just sit down and talk about it? come on, come on.
 now, look, you both find each other attractive, right? right.
 clearly, no one else can stand to be with either one of you.
 i guess.
 good point.
  all right.
 now, what do i have to do to put you two in a relationship today? cars can go on empty, but not us humans, huh, fella? i'll get us a couple of twix bars.
 no, no coconut for me.
 all right, i'll get ya a mounds bar.
 keep the engine running.
 ahh! no, man! not the gas! but it needs it, kramer! it needs it bad! do you think that this'll make you happy? cause it won't!  ah, you can just go on without me.
 listen to me.
 when that car rolls into that dealership, and that tank is bone dry, i want you to be there with me when everyone says, kramer and that other guy, oh, they went further to the left of the slash than anyone ever dreamed! maybe we better get moving.
 it's good to have you back, stan.
 it's rick, by the way.
 no time! mr.
 costanza, i really don't have time for this.
 now, if this mechanic guy, was, in fact, eating a th avenue bar, as he claims, wouldn't you agree he would have no problem picking one out from a candy line-up? 'candy line-up'? i've spent the last hour preparing ten candy bars with no wrappers or identification of any kind for him to select from.
 it took you an hour? only i hold the answer key to their true candy identities.
 and so, without further ado, i give you the candy line-up.
 hey, willie, check it out! free candy! that's my candy line-up! where are all my cards?! they're - they're all on the floor! and you! how many twix does that make for you, today?! like, twix?! no.
 hey, this clark bar is good.
 it's a twix! they're all twix! it was a setup! a setup, i tell ya! and you've robbed it! you've all screwed me again! now, gimme one! gimme a twix! they're all gone.
  twwwwiiiiiixxxxx! what was that? there's a mental hospital right near here.
 all right.
 elaine, david, i believe we have a deal here in principle: arby's no more than once a month.
 and in exchange, elaine comes to your softball game, and doesn't read a book.
  s not bad.
 i can live with that.
 so, you're back together? yeah.
 all right, all right.
 all right, that's enough! let's get back to my deal.
 that undercoating, that's a rip-off, isn't it, david? oh, we don't even know what it is.
 so, i'm gettin the insider's deal? insider's deal.
 high-five.
  s the dealer! hey! we did! we pulled it off! i can't believe it! where's the needle? oh, it broke off, baby! woo, hoo, hoo! oh, mr.
 kramer, i gotta thank you.
 i - i learned a lot.
 things are gonna be different for me now.
 well, that's a weird thing to say i wonder how much longer we could have lasted.
 yeah, yeah.
 i wonder hmm.
 this is nice.
 what kind of car is this? caprice classic.
  t just give him one high-five? and where does it end? then everyone's doin it.
 it's like the wave at ball games.
 air quotes.
 the phrase, don't go there.
 - someone's gotta take a stand!  s is good.
 so, george, i still don't understand - how was that a setup? and who were you tryin to set up, anyway? the mechanic or the manager? i don't know.
 all of em.
 they're all crooks! besides, i couldn't get all different candy bars, anyway.
 what was that? i think there's a mental hospital near here.
 very near.
 ya-hoo! ya-hoo! whew! well, i think we stopped.
 you - you can probably let go of my hand now.
 yeah, yeah.
 ll think about it do you have my card? careful, this plate is extremely hot.
thank you.
 ow!i just told you it was hot.
 why'd you touch it?i just wanted to know what your idea of hot is.
hey, babe.
 you ready to hit the ice?i am ready to skate up a-- ha, ha, ha why are you wearing that?it's my winter coat.
a fur?is there a problem?a seemingly infinite supply.
ow! careful, it's hot.
ow!so, puddy wear's a man fur?he was struttin around the coffee shop like stein erickson.
and, of course, you find fur morally reprehensible.
eh, anti-fur.
 i mean, who has the energy anymore? this is more about hanging off the arm of an idiot.
and this is the first you're seeing of the coat?we never dated in winter.
you might want to get a look at that bathing suit drawer.
oh, i walked by bloomingdale's the other day, and i saw that massage chair we want to get joe mayo as an apartment gift.
an apartment-warming gift? we got to give presents to people for moving? birthdays, christmas, it's enough gifts.
 i would like one month off.
kramer said it's a perfect gift.
 that's what we're gettin him.
all right, but we're not buyin it at bloomingdale's.
 i will buy it, you pay me back later.
 i'll sniff out a deal.
 i have a sixth sense.
cheapness is not a sense.
i can't stand joe mayo's parties.
 you know, the second you walk in, he's got you workin for him.
 hey, can you do me a favor? can you keep an eye on the ice, make sure we have enough? uh i had a great time at the last one.
 i was in charge of the music.
 i turned that mother out.
hey.
hey.
you got any pliers?what, has newman got another army man stuck in his ear?hilarious.
newman and i are reversing the peepholes on our door.
 so you can see in.
why?to prevent an ambush.
yeah, so now i can peek to see if anyone is waiting to jack me with a sock full of pennies.
but then anyone can just look in and see you.
our policy is, we're comfortable with our bodies.
 you know, if someone wants to help themselves to an eyefull, well, we say, enjoy the show.
'i'm sorry i can't stay for the second act.
hey, george.
 here's the model number on that chair, by the way.
mmm nice wallet.
wallet.
what?nobody carries wallets anymore.
 i mean, they went out with powdered wigs.
 yeah, see here's what you need.
 just a couple of cards and your bankroll.
 see, keep the big bills on the outside.
that's a five.
i'm on the mexican, whoa ohh, radio eh, what are you doing?hey, silvio.
 yeah, i'm reversing my peephole.
hey, you know you gotta get permission from me.
 i'm the super.
 who said you could do that?well, who says i can do any of the things i do in my place?like what?well, i uh, nothing.
 no, i'll, um, i'll switch it back.
no, no, no, no.
 no, that's all right.
well, that's good.
 because, uh, newman and i--newman? he did this, too?well, yeah.
i deal with him.
hey, look at this.
 this is the same massage chair we're gettin for joe mayo, $ cheaper.
except the store's in delaware.
i'll have em overnight it.
maybe cheapness is a sense.
 you know it is better without this big wallet.
 it's more comfortable.
it doesn't matter if it's more comfortable.
 it's wrong.
why?because important things go in a case.
 you got a skull for your brain, a plastic sleeve for your comb, and a wallet for your money.
but look at this thing.
 it's-it's huge.
 you got more cow here than here.
i need everything in there.
irish money?i might go there.
show this card at any participating orlando-area exxon station to get your free save the tiger poster.
all right, just gimme that.
 and gimme some of those sweet & lows.
who is it?it's newman.
what do you want? i'm in the middle of something.
i can't believe i'm being evicted.
what? what are you talking about?the reverse peepholes.
 silvio said i'm an agitator and i'm out of the building.
no.
 no, he can't do that.
i'm homeless! i'm gonna be out on a street corner, dancing for nickels.
 i'll be with the hobos in the trainyard, eating out of a bucket.
come on, we'll go and talk to him, and we'll straighten this thing out.
uh, you, uh, you better put something on.
george, i am loving this no wallet thing.
a man carries a wallet.
you know, the very fact that you oppose this makes me think i'm onto something.
hey, jerry.
hey, joe mayo.
 nice place.
thanks.
 george, can you do me a favor and stay by the phone in case anybody calls and needs directions?love to.
thanks.
 jerry music?actually, can you keep an eye on the aquarium and make sure nobody taps on the glass?but i could do that and the music.
oh, no, don't worry about the music.
 just have fun!i was ready to get jiggy with it.
hey.
hey, elaine.
hey.
 i think you know dr zaius.
so, elaine, notice anything different about my pants?so, george did you get the chair?no, i don't have it yet.
so, we're givin him nothing?no, i brought a picture of the chair.
did you at least get him a card?i thought we'd all sign the picture.
elaine hey, joe mayo.
i need you to be in charge of coats.
oh, fantastic.
and puddy, can you make sure no one puts a drink on my sound system?sure thing, joe mayo.
hi, i'm jerry.
 how do you like my pants?nice.
 t tap on the glass.
 s apartment? hey! cocktail off the speaker.
goodbye, dr.
 zaius.
why are we in jerry's apartment?well, i, uh, i like to think of this as my conference room.
 yeah, it has a more formal atmosphere, you know, with the shelves, and the furniture.
make it quick kramer, my wife and i are about to go bowling.
oh, well, um, newman thinks that you, uh, evicted him?i did.
 i don't like mr.
 newman.
 he is an agitator.
look i've known newman all my life, in the building, and you're all wrong about him.
 he's a model tenant.
 portly, yes, but smart as a whip.
ok, on your word he can stay.
all right.
but i'm gonna keep my eye on him.
well, you won't regret it.
what's wrong?elaine, thanks for coming.
good working with you.
all right, let's hit the bricks.
what?hey, i got a coat just like this!oh.
 uhhh so joe mayo had the same coat.
and you threw it out the window?mm-hmm.
god, you're like a rock star.
so now joe mayo wants me to buy him a new coat.
because you threw it out.
no, because i was in charge of the coats.
 it's insane.
but you did actually throw his coat out the window.
but he doesn't know that.
 as far as he knows, somebody stole it, and that's the person who should be responsible.
but that's you.
so i guess i'll have to buy him a new coat, even though i don't think i should be held responsible, which i am anyway.
well, i'm satisfied.
 uh my back is killing me.
of course.
 because of that wallet.
 you-you got a filing cabinet under half of your ass.
this is an organizer, a secretary, and a friend.
look at you.
 you're on a slant.
here, just give me a couple of napkins.
there, there i'm fine.
what was that?i think i had some hard candy in there.
no, no, this is supposed to go to joe mayo's apartment.
ahhh.
 how does this thing work?sir, do you want me to deliver this to your friend's place or not?ahhhhh ready to go?all set.
 i can't believe i'm going dancing.
you don't go that often?no, because it's so stupid.
 shall we?do me a favor.
 can you hold this stuff for me?compact, lipstick, all this?and can you help to carry my keys?what are you, a medieval dungeon master?and a tin of altoids.
ow! sharp key.
so, you're sleeping with silvio's wife?well, there's very little sleeping going on.
well, why didn't you tell me about this?quite frankly, i don't see how it's any of your business.
well, it's my business now.
 look, i stuck up for you.
 man, if he catches you, we're both out.
hey, what is that up that tree?hoooh! man, that looks like a dead bear.
no, that's a fur coat! hey, uh, give me a boost.
man, where did you learn to climb trees like that?the pacific northwest.
so, you had to carry some of keri's stuff.
 big deal.
you don't understand.
 i went on a successful pocket diet, and i want to keep that weight off.
you know what? we sell this thing at peterman that would be perfect for you.
not more of that crap from the titanic?no.
 no.
 it's a small men's carryall.
i'm not carrying a purse.
it's not a purse.
 it's european.
oh.
hey, did george buy joe mayo that chair yet?i don't know.
if i'm gettin him a new fur, i'm not chippin in on a gift, too.
yeah?hey, george, did you get joe mayo that chair yet?not yet.
 oh! ho ho! god what?it's in transit.
did he get it?no.
mmm, good.
 tell him i'm out.
 s out?well, so what? you're gettin a deal, right? we'll split it three ways.
allllll right!what is that noise? s my toaster.
 i got to go.
 ohhhhhhhhhhhhh!you know, sometimes i get the feeling george isn't being completely honest with me.
hey.
 oh, uh, yeah.
 uh, here are your pliers back .
weak hinge.
well, i guess i better go and price fur coats.
oh, go down to th street.
 they're free.
what are you talking about?well, they're hanging from the trees.
 you know, newman found one there yesterday.
 man, that guy can climb like a ring-tailed lemur! th street? that's where joe mayo lives.
 that's the coat!what was that pop sound?well, i had some hard candy in there.
so, to what do i owe this unusual invitation?come in, come in.
ahh! this is very much as i imagined it to be.
 aside from this rattan piece, which seems oddly out of place.
please, sit down.
 newman, um, i wanted to talk to you about something.
this isn't about my opening your mail?what?because i don't, never have, anything i read was already open.
uh, yeah, uh, no.
 newman, uh, i heard that you found a fur coat in a tree.
 and, i believe that it belongs to a friend of mine, and i'd like to give it back to him.
sorry.
 climbers, keepers.
you know, newmie.
 um, i know how you feel about me, and i have to tell you, i'm quite flattered.
you are?oh, yeah.
 i mean, of all the men that i know, you're the only one who's held down a steady job for several years.
well, it's-it's interesting work, i don't mind it.
ha ha ha ha.
don't you have a-a boyfriend? a, uh, burly, athletic type?uh, don't worry, he's cool.
cool?very cool.
 so, what do you say? can you do this one little favor, newmie?oh, how i've waited for this moment.
 but alas, my heart belongs to another man's wife, and i have given the coat to her.
all right, we're done here.
for i am in love with svetlana, and i don't care if the whole world knows, except for silvio, who would throw me out of the apartment, where i would be dancing on the sidewalk--thank you, thank you, thank you very much.
nice carryall.
it's european.
do you still have my lipstick?uh, yeah, i think i do.
 i can never find anything in here.
 ah, here it is.
 so, that joe mayo throws the worst parties, doesn't he? so what was your job?my job was to keep you away from the music.
what, he doesn't like my taste in music?guess not.
you should've been there last year.
 i got jiggy with it!kramer! it's silvio! open up, i need to talk to you! i can see you through the reverse peephole.
hey, silvio!look at this.
huh?svetlana says she find it in the laundry room, but i think it is a gift from that postman agitator.
 where is he?relax, silvio.
no, that's it.
 you're both out of the building!oh, come on! hey, newman didn't even give her that! no, that's not even a woman's coat.
 it's a man's!a man's?yeah.
what kind of a man would wear fur?oh, lots of em.
would you?no.
then who?what about jerry?jerry?yeah, sure, he's a celebrity.
 oh, yeah, they wear a lot of furs.
 they're desperate, insecure people.
yes, you are right.
 it's all about, me, me, me.
 please, look at me! i am so pretty! love me! want me!yeah, something like that.
i have to do what?all you have to do is wear the fur so silvio thinks it's yours.
i'm not wearing the fur.
well, then, newman and i, we get thrown out of the building.
is that right?all right, why don't you just take a good, hard look at what your life will be like if i'm not around?newman, too?oh, come on, man! well, i'll tell you what, if you do this, i'll give you that walkman you're always asking about.
that's my walkman!and you'll get it back.
all right.
all right.
 good, thanks, i owe you one.
hey.
oh, hey, and by the way, uh, that walkman was broke when you gave it to me.
george, did you get that chair yet?it gets here when it gets here.
 would you stop ridin me?you know what? just call up and cancel it.
 i'm out.
excuse me?joe mayo doesn't like my taste in music.
 he's not gettin a gift from me.
oh, i can't believe you're dropping out, too.
 so now kramer and i have to pay for the entire gift?whoa, whoa.
 now, who's this joe mayo everyone's talking about?he's the guy we're the buying the chair for, remember? it was your suggestion.
i think the chair is a fantastic gift idea.
 but i never heard of this joe mayo.
 and frankly, it sounds made up.
oh, so now i have to buy this whole chair by myself?no, you don't have to buy anything.
i already bought it! i've been lyin to you for three days, and now you're all screwin me!i don't understand.
 why didn't you tell us you had it?i needed it! my back is a little tweaked.
because of your giant wallet.
 just get rid of it!never! it is a part of me.
 i will just return the chair, and it will be easy, because the receipt is in my good friend.
your good friend is morbidly obese.
well, at least, i'm not carrying a purse.
it's not a purse.
 it's european!all right, silvio's down there.
 he's shoveling the walk.
 now, all you gotta do is put this on, you go down to the corner, you pick up a paper, and you come right back.
all right.
there you go.
how do i look?ahh .
learn guitar, first lesson free? huh.
my receipts! the chair! my tiger poster!hey, silvio, just out for a little stroll in my favorite fur coat.
that is your coat?it sure is.
kramer says you need it because you're an entertainer and you're desperate for attention.
that's true.
jerry, you forgot your purse.
oh, thanks.
hey, silvio, look at jerry here, prancing around in his coat with his purse.
 yup, he's a dandy.
 he's a real fancy boy.
maybe this isn't my coat.
all right, you're not fancy!no, he's very fancy! want me, love me! shower me with kisses!jerry, where'd you get it? that's his coat.
no, it's not.
 it's mine.
 i'm a fancy boy.
no, that's not your coat.
if that is not his coat, whose coat is it?it's joe mayo's coat.
who's joe mayo?that must be the man that's sleeping with your wife.
hey! officer! someone took my european carryall!the black, leather thing with a strap.
yes, a purse.
 i carry a purse!so, silvio ambushed joe mayo?yeah, he was waitin inside his apartment for him with a sock full of pennies.
he should have had a reverse peephole.
hey, babe.
hello? hello?what is that?it's my new coat.
you ditched the fur?yeah, i saw jerry wearing his.
 he looked like a bit of a dandy.
 check it out! -ball! you got a question, you ask the -ball.
you're gonna wear this all the time?all signs point to yes!'so your saying unicef is a scam?it's the perfect cover for a money laundering operation .
 no one can keep track of all those kids with the little orange boxes of change.
oh! no it's sally weaver.
oh! yeah your old college roommate huh?no, it's susan ross's old college roommate; she moved to new york a few years ago .
 she's trying to become an actress.
hmmm,, dramatica comedia heh!untalented, she's always inviting me to see her in some bad play in tiny room without ventilation.
 it's really depressing.
euh we don't go to enough theater.
she should just give up.
heeyyy! hey there mr.
 too big to come to my shows.
 i just came back from m on my way to an audition still waiting for that big break.
why don't you just give up?kramer!!!at least that's what jerry says.
 now face it.
 if it hasn't happen it's not gonna happen.
 all right, we go grab some bouffe .
 join us?so susan's dead i think she was happy someone finally said it.
why'd you have to say anything to her?'felt that the conversation was lagging.
why can't you ever keep your big mouth shut?i come in here to get a pleasant meal and if we're not gonna have one i'll grab a bite to eat at your place.
you know, maybe kramer is right, some people should just give up .
 i have.
what did you wanna be?i don't remember, but it certainly wasn't this.
 look at this cartoon in the new yorker, i don't get this.
i don't either.
and you're on the fringe of the humor business.
hey!hey! george look at this.
that's cute.
you got it?no, never mind.
come on, we're two intelligent people here.
 we can figure this out.
 now we got a dog and a cat in an office.
it looks like my accountant's office but there's no pets working there.
the cat is saying i've enjoyed reading your e-mail'.
maybe it's got something to do with that in the corner .
it's a page number.
well, i can't crack this one.
aahh! this has got to be a mistake.
try shaking it well,janet should be here any minute.
you've been hiding her from us.
 you must really like her?aah! the minute i saw this girl, we just clicked.
 she's got such a nice face.
 hummmm her eyes, her mouth, nosewe know what a face consists of.
i'm sorry i'm late.
jerry, elaine, i give you janet.
nice to meet you.
hi!do we still have time to make the movie?oh! euh yeah we just can't go to the supermarket to get some candy.
jerry, she looks exactly like you.
she does not.
well maybe she doesn't, i don't care.
hey! kramer.
hey! you got some messages yeahumm .
george, george, elaine, george again, elaine, newman; but that was a crank call.
 and some sally woman called said thanks a lot, she's quitting the business, you ruined her life.
what! you're the one who ruined her life.
well that's not how she remembers it.
well, i got to talk her out of this.
i thought you said she stinksshe does stink and she should quit.
 but i don't want it to be because of me.
 it should be the traditional route; years of rejections and failures till she's spit out the bottom of the porn industry.
yeah hey! george and janet.
aahh who's janet?george's girlfriend, elaine thinks she looks like me but i think it's as you would say,kookie talk.
you know what woman i always thought you looked like; leena horne.
hey, hey!and you must .
look exactly like jerry.
 you don't see this; you're like twins wooooohhhhh!!! this is eerie.
kramer, what are you talking about janet doesn't look anything like jerrywell maybe we do look a little like each other.
no hummm, what do you know about what you look like.
c'mon george relax .
 just because they look alike doesn't mean you're secretly in love with jerry.
 re going bye bye.
we just got here georgewell,,, it's getting dark.
yeah, she's a nice girl, kinda quiet though.
what are you doing? don't tell a woman she looks like a man and george doesn't want to hear his girlfriend looks like me and frankly neither do iwell how should i have broached the subject'you don't broach, you keep your mouth shut.
well sounds like someone's having a bad day.
yeah! because of you.
well, i think one of us should leave.
sally, you can't quit the business.
 this is all because of me.
 hehumm!!you can't give up.
 you don't think people tell me i stink? when i'm on stage that's all i hear; you stink, you suck.
 we like magic.
really?of course, i stink, you stink.
 it's show bizz.
 everybody stinks yeah! you've been stinking since the eighties.
all right, i think we've covered my act.
 now you get out there and stink it up with everybody else.
right!, yesss!! thank you i'm gonna do it.
 now!!!! .
 well i've asked every one at work and nobody gets this cartoon.
 i mean i don't understand why no one can explain it, but i'm gonna get to the bottom of this.
oh! i think we're at the bottom.
 s quite a handsome woman.
what does that mean?yeah.
 what does that mean? what do you mean by that?enjoy.
 elaine huh? she's completely oh! i know .
'cos you don't think janet? no .
why would i it's ludicrous yes.
for either one of us no so exactly.
i'm not gay.
 neither am i.
kramer, kramer, get in here.
where's the crazy man, come on up.
come on in here.
haaaaaa!!!what's happening? what, you doing, come and talk to us.
i've made an important life decision.
lets talk about that.
don't leave aw right.
 i know i've been shooting off at the mouth lately; first with that girl whose life you destroyed and emm about george dating a lady jerrywhat's the decision?i know you want me to keep my big mouth shut and that's exactly what i'm going to do.
 i'm never gonna talk again.
yeah right.
what do i need to talk for ha!, for to blab to the neighbors about george has a new fem-jerry friend or to tell everybody at the coffee shop ho george is all mixed up in a perverse sexual amalgam of some girl and his best friend.
 see now, i've done all that now it's time for silence.
silence yes!!kramer you're never gonna be able to completely stop talking.
jerry, ninety four percent of communications is non-verbal.
 here watch.
well what does this mean?well it's frank and estelle's reaction of hearing george's man love towards she-jerry.
 that's the idea.
kramer there's no way you stick to this.
 weeeeeepp!!oh! you just startin now?that's right aye oooh!! right now.
ouch!! .
now!!so, j.
 peterman wants to hire some of our cartoonists to illustrate your catalog?well we're hoping that if perhaps that the catalog is a little funnier,people won't be so quick to return the clothes ha ha .
for example i i really do .
well i love this oneoh! yeah that's a rather clever jab at inter office politics don't you think.
ahan, ahan .
yeah euh but, why is it that the, that the animals enjoy reading the email?well miss benes .
 cartoons are like gossamer and one doesn't dissect gossamer.
 heh hemm well you don't have to dissect if you can just tell me.
 why this is suppose to be funny?ha! it's merely a commentary on contemporary mores.
 but, what is the comment.
 it's a slice of life.
no it isn't.
pun?i don,t think so.
vorshtein?that's not a word you have no idea what this means do you?no.
then why did you print it.
i liked the kitty.
 re doing comedy.
actually that's not bad oh! really well you know i have otherssally, i can't believe you're already doing a one-woman show?no, no it's just a little performance piece i wrote you know what? you really inspired me,okay, a tear.
ah! there you are.
 aw right, code of silence how's that going? .
ha!! hi everybody think you're really going to like this cos it about me all right it's not just about me it's about me and this guy; jerry seinfeld.
 who i like to call; the devil okay, okay so i run into this jerry on the street and he says to me sally, you stink, you should give up acting.
 oh! i'm doing jerry now so you've got imagine i have ; horns, a tail and hooks instead of feet.
  oh! shut up!!!she does a full hour about how you're the devil .
i got to go see this thing.
good luck, it's sold out for the next three weeks.
well i bet i can get in once i mention i'm from the new yorker.
the new yorker?yes, the new yorker, i've met with their cartoon editor and i got him to admit that that cartoon made no sense .
wow! good work, nancy drewthen we ended up going out to lunch and he had some great gossip about james thurber.
nodding off  .
and he said i could submit some of my own cartoons.
wow! that's incredible but you don't draw.
i do to.
what, your sad little horsies, the house with the little curl of smoke, the sunflower with the smiley face.
 the transparent cube it's better than your drawings of naked lois lane.
where did you see that? those are private!!!jerry, sorry i'm late.
 channel nine is doing a piece on my show.
 isn't that great? do you hate me?no,no i tought the show was terrific.
 i was just wondering if you have to keep saying jerry seinfeld is the devil.
well that is the title.
i know but i thought that maybe you could mention how i apologized then encouraged you to stick with it.
you know i workshopped that and snoozers!!! he he he .
but i'll tell you what i'll think it's all a journey.
you got a little shmootz there excuse me miss weaver, oh! my god it is you! i i've seen your show six times what a surprise.
aahh! you're great,it's great, it's so great to see a show that's about something.
where to? t even look like jerry you know i really do look like your friend jerry.
i know .
thanks for watching nine news.
 we leave you tonight with a scene from sally weavers one woman show.
ok so i go to meet jerry seinfeld at this horrible coffee shop right? and he's like hey stop doing your show.
 and i'm like, hello! it's a free country.
 so then he goes.
 okay shmootsie and he starts pulling at my sweater right?.
 he's getting, you know, hands across america.
there really was shmootz on i didn't try to grab her and this is what he looks like when he's eating get out of my house!!.
well boys, i did it.
 i had to stay up all night but i finally came up with a great new yorker cartoon.
i'd stayed up all night i'd fixed myself up a little before i'd go out.
that is not the point.
some mouthwash, a hat, something.
just read it! pretty good.
pretty good? well uh! this is a gem .
 kramer look it .
 s funny.
it's a pig at a complain department.
and he's saying i wish i was taller ha ha.
 see? that's his complaint.
i get it.
do you!!! because that's not a normal complaint.
how bout if it was something like i can't find my receipt my place's a stye.
everything with you has to be so jokey.
i'm a comedian.
i wish i was taller, that's, that's, that's nice.
 that's real.
well i got a complaint.
 this cartoon stinks.
i'll tell you who doesn't think it stinks, the new yorker.
 that's right.
 they're publishing it in their next issue.
 oh! you know what i just ran into newman in the hall and he said you tried to grope sally weaver.
oh! that's it i'm gonna put an end to this.
the pig says my wife is a slut.
'now that's a complaint.
 hello sally, yeah this is jerry,i just wanted to leave you a message that i caught your little piece on tv and  .
i'm getting a little tired of hearing how horrible i am and would appreciate it if you would leave me out of your act all together.
 m calling in the big guns.
to cease and desist on behalf of my client, jerry seinfeld.
 signed ; crybaby jerry seinfeld's lawyer.
 ok but i got two words for you jerry seinfeld youhow could she say that on tv? and how did she get a cable special .
 i ve never gotten a cable special well that's it i'm not giving her any more material.
 we are incommunicado.
 exactly.
check it out, from the new issue of the new yorker huh! funny isn't it? he he.
elaine, i'm afraid i have incurred yet another flat tire.
can i fix that after lunch sir?oh! no right away, chop, chop oh! a new cartoon 'i wish i was taller  cause i wrote it.
you shouldn't make fun of pigs.
  flash of lightning elaine i just realized why i like this cartoon so much.
oh! do tell sir?it's a ziggy!a ziggy?that irreverence, that wit i'd recognize it anywhere.
 some charlatan has stolen a ziggy and passed it off as his own.
 i can prove it.
 quick elaine, to my archives.
you know, you know what's great about our relationship? it's not about looks.
it's not?no, can't be for instance i remember when we first met, we had a great conversation.
i remember you said i was the prettiest girl at the party.
 .
but after that we really talked didn't we?well,you told me how familiar i looked and that you must have seen me somewhere before.
na .
no this relationship he he has got to be about something and fast or i'm in very serious and weird trouble .
hum what else happened?you asked for a piece of gum because you thought your breath smelled like hummus.
aw right yes! gum! good enough i'll take it.
i like gum.
i do too.
 you see that's what we're about .
 you don't remind me of anyone and we love gum.
i have gum in my hair.
i'm losin it s sally weaver the woman, sally weaver the artist, sally weaver the person  t spoken in days.
well, lay it on me string bean.
let me get this gum out of my hair and then i'll be ready for bed.
ok look, the gum isn't cutting it for me.
 we need to be about something else anything please.
george.
your hair?well i had to cut the gum out and i had a little trouble getting it even.
 so why don't you get undressed george.
 george is in big trouble .
you ripped off a ziggy?it must've seeped up my subconscious, puddy has ziggy bed sheets .
d'you read the comics today?i see that ziggy's back at the complaint department the new yorker is stealing my ideas.
 ha ha ha see that's funny 'cause it's real.
hey look it ;sally's cable show's on hey! kramer come on in.
 you've got to watch this, now she's got nothing.
 master of evil jerry seinfeld has broke off all contacts with me.
that's right sister.
 why don't you just give up?why are you yelling at the tv? ok get this; i heard he makes his best friend date women that look just like him.
hello issues elaine, have you been talking to her?hey! i'm just a fan ha ha oh and speaking of issues .
 guess who got a no-polish manicure and begged his neighbor not to tell anyone? i thought you stopped talking?? all right starting now you broke up with her just because she cut her hair! how short?like that you mean like  that.
so she yes and you don't nooo so exactly hmmmm we must never ever speak of this again no, no hey uh you want to see a movie?actually i think i'm gonna take a few days off i think that's for the best.
no, they've just got to get more cops on the force, it's as simple as that.
cops.
 i don't even care about cops.
 i wanna see more garbage men.
 it's much more important.
 all i wanna see are garbage trucks, garbage cans and garbage men.
 you're never gonna stop crime, we should at least be clean.
i tell you what they should do, they should combine the two jobs, make it one job, cop\garbage man'.
 i always see cops walking around with nothing to do.
 grab a broom! start sweeping.
 you sweep sweep sweep catch a criminal, get right back to sweeping.
you should run for mayor.
ehh, nobody listens.
where is someone? i'm starving.
i think this is him right here.
is there a table ready?how many?how many?is tatiana coming?i don't know, i have to call her, tell her where we are.
 i'm very lucky she's even considering seeing me at all.
really? i thought things were going ok.
they were, it's kinda complicated.
well what is it?how many?ah, alright, four.
 seinfeld.
four.
 it'll be five, ten minutes.
what do you wanna do?let's go someplace else, i am too hungry.
we might as well just stay here, we haven't got that much time if we wanna make it to the movie.
i gotta call tatiana.
 where's the phone?tatiana excuse me, are you gonna be very long?lashbrook, !so did i do a terrible thing?you mean lying to your uncle?i couldn't have dinner with him.
 plan from outer space', one night only, the big screen.
 my hands are tied!you know it's a public phone, you're not supposed to just chit-chat.
jerry, get menus so when we sit down we can order right away.
can't look at a menu now, i gotta be at the table.
he knows i'm waiting.
 he sees me.
 he just doesn't wanna look.
everything's gotta be just so with you, doesn't it?hey, i offered you those cookies in my house.
health cookies.
 i hate those little dustboard fructose things.
i just can't believe at the way people are.
 what is it with humanity? what kind of a world do we live in?what?there's a woman over there that looks really familiar.
 dark hair, striped shirt?i've never seen her before.
i know this woman.
 this is gonna drive me crazy.
oh, excuse me.
i'm sorry.
didja see that? those people, look, they're getting a table.
well maybe they were here from before.
no no no, they weren't here before.
excuse me, are you going to be much longer? i have to make a very important call.
find out what's going on!excuse me, didn't those people just come in? i believe we were ahead of them.
yeah.
what's your name?seinfeld.
no, no, they were here before.
 keckitch , !did you ever notice how happy people are when they finally get a table? they think they're so special because they've been chosen.
 it's enough to make you sick.
boy, you are really hungry.
hey!if anything happens here, can i count on you?what?if we decide to go at it.
yeah, i wanna get into a rumble i have to get in touch with tatiana! and look at his little outfit.
 it's all so coordinated, the way his socks matching to his shirt.
 i really hate this guy.
i'm gonna faint george, who is that woman in the stripes?i don't know her.
she looks so familiar.
ya know, its not fair people are seated first come first served, it should be based on who's hungriest.
 i feel like just going over there and taking some food off somebody's plate.
i'll tell you what, there's bucks in it for you if you do it.
what do you mean?you walk over that table, you pick up an eggroll, you don't say anything, you eat it, say thank you very much', wipe your mouth, walk away- i give you bucks.
what are they gonna do?they won't do anything; in fact, you'll be giving them a story to tell for the rest of their lives.
 bucks, you'll give me bucks? bucks.
 that table over there, the three couples.
ok, i don't wanna go over there and do it, and then come back here and find out there was some little loophole, like i didn't put mustard on it or something no, no tricks.
should i do it, george?for bucks? i'd put my face in the soup and blow.
alright, alright.
 here, hold this.
 i'm doin it.
i know this sounds crazy, but the two men who are standing behind me are going to give me bucks if i stand here and eat one of your eggrolls.
i'll give you if you let me do it.
what? what is she talking about? what did she say?what happened?did you see that?what were you doing?i offered them , they had no idea george, the phone's free.
alleluia.
excuse me, i was waiting here.
where? i didn't see you.
i've been standing here for the last ten minutes!well i won't be long.
that's not the point.
 the point is i was here first.
well if you were here first, you'd be holding the phone.
you know, we're living in a society! we're supposed to act in a civilized way.
does she care? no.
 does anyone ever display the slightest sensitivity over the problems of a fellow individual? no.
 no.
 a resounding no!hey, sorry i took so long.
oh that's ok, really, don't worry about it.
how do people fast? did ghandi get this crazy? i'm gonna walk around, see what dishes look good.
i told my uncle i had a stomach ache tonight.
 you think he bought that?yeah, well, he probably bought it.
so what happened with tatiana?i shouldn't even tell you this.
come on well, after dinner last week, she invites me back to her apartment.
i'm with you.
well, it's this little place with this little bathroom.
 it's like right there, you know, it's not even down a little hall or off in an alcove.
 you understand? there's no buffer zone.
 so, we start to fool around, and it's the first time, and it's early in the going.
 and i begin to perceive this impending intestinal requirement, whose needs are going to surpass by great lengths anything in the sexual realm.
 so i know i'm gonna have to stop.
 and as this is happening i'm thinking, even if i can somehow manage to momentarily extricate myself from the proceedings and relieve this unstoppable force, i know that that bathroom is not gonna provide me with the privacy that i know i'm going to need this could only happen to you.
so i finally stop and say, tatiana, i hope you don't take this the wrong way, but i think it would be best if i left'.
you said this to her after.
no.
 during.
oh, boy.
yeah.
wow! so ?so i'm dressing and she's staring up at me, struggling to compute this unprecedented turn of events.
 i don't know what to say to reassure this woman, and worst of all, i don't have the time to say it.
 the only excuse she might possibly have accepted is if i told her i am in reality batman, and i'm very sorry, i just saw the bat-signal.
 it took me days of phone calls to get her to agree to see me again.
 now she's waiting for me to call her, and she'si hate this place.
 i don't know why we came here, i'm never coming back here again.
who is that woman?!remember when you first went out to eat with your parents? remember, it was such a treat to go and they serve you this different food that you never saw before, and they put it in front of you, and it is such a delicious and exciting adventure? and now i just feel like a big sweaty hog waiting for them to fill up the trough.
she's off.
 jerry, talk to that guy again.
what am i gonna say?tell him we wanna catch a movie and that we're late.
hey, what stinks in here?well, i've been looking for a better place.
better place want a table?no, just bring me a plate and i'll eat here.
give him a plate and you eat here come on, i give you a table.
excuse me we've been waiting here.
 now, i know we were ahead of that guy, he just came in.
oh no, mr.
 cohen always here.
he's always here? what does that mean? what does that mean?oh, mr.
 cohen, very nice man.
 he live on park avenue.
where am i? is this a dream? what in god's name is going on here?!she's not there.
 she left.
 she must've waited and left because those people wouldn't get off the phone.
didja leave a message?yeah, i told her to call me here and to tell anyone who answers the phone to ask for a balding, stocky man with glasses.
 i better tell him i'm expecting a call.
oh, jerry, here comes that woman where do i know her?hello, jerry!heeeeyyyy how you doin'?how is everything?good, good, good what's goin on?oh, working hard.
 and you?oh, you know, working around, same stuff, doing whatever.
you haven't been around in a while.
i know, i know well, you know.
you should come by.
definitely.
 i plan to, i'm not just saying that.
hi, i'm elaine.
lorraine.
 catalano.
i'm sorry, lorraine, this is elaine well it was nice seeing you, jerry.
 and nice meeting you.
 oh, nice to meet you too, lorraine!oh my god, lorraine that's lorraine from my uncle's office.
 i'm in big, big trouble.
the one you broke the plans with tonight?yeah, she works in his office.
 now she's gonna see him tomorrow and tell him she saw me here tonight.
 he's gonna tell his wife, his wife's gonna call my mother.
 oh, this is bad, you don't know, the chain reaction of calls this is gonna set off.
 new york, long island, florida, it's like the bermuda triangle.
 unfortunately, nobody ever disappears.
 my uncle to my aunt, my aunt to my mother, my mother to my uncle  my uncle to my cousin, my cousin to my sister, my sister to me.
you should've just had dinner with your uncle tonight and gotten in over with.
 it's just a movie.
just a movie?! you don't understand.
 this isn't plans through from outer space', this is plan ', this is the one that worked.
 the worst movie ever made!hey, i got news for you, if we're making this movie, we gotta get a table immediately.
alright, ok.
 let's stop fooling around.
 let's just slip him some money.
in a chinese restaurant? do they take money?do they take money? everyone takes money.
 i used to go out with a guy who did it all the time, you just slip him bucks.
 bucks? isn't that excessive?well what do you want to give him, change?it's more than the meal!oh, come on, we'll divide it up three ways.
alright.
 , , m not gonna eat that much!i'm counting your shrimps.
 ok, who's gonna do it?oh no, i can't do it.
 i-i'm not good at these things, i get flustered.
 once i tried to bribe an usher at the roller derby, i almost got arrested.
i guess it's you, jer.
me? what about you?oh, i can't do that, it's a guy thing.
the woman's movement just can't seem to make any progress in the world of bribery, can they?give me the money.
how's it going'?very busy.
boy, we are really anxious to sit down.
very good specials tonight.
if there's anything you can do to get us a table we'd really appreciate it.
what is your name? no no, i want to eat now! yes, we have sea-bass dinner tonight, very fresh.
here, take this.
 i'm starving.
 take it! take it!dennison, ! your table is ready.
no no, no, i want that table.
 i want that table! oh, come on, did you see that? what was that? he took the money, he didn't give us a table.
you lost the .
well, how could he do that?you didn't make it clear.
make it clear?what a sorry exhibition that was.
 alright, let me get the money back.
your name?seinfeld.
yeah, seinfeld !no no no, you see the girl there, with the long hair?oh yes, yes.
 very beautiful girl, very beautiful.
 is your girlfriend?well, actually, we did date for a while, but it's really not relevant here.
relationships are difficult.
 it's very hard to stay together-alright, listen, alright.
 how much longer is it gonna be?oh.
 in about five, ten minutes.
so?there seems to be a bit of a discrepancy.
so when are we gonna eat?five, ten minutes.
we should have left earlier.
 i told you.
i don't see any way we can eat and make this movie.
oh, well i have to eat.
well let's just order to go, we'll eat it in the cab.
eat it in the cab? chinese food in a cab?we'll eat it in the movie.
oh, who do you think you're going? do you think that they have big picnic tables there?well what do you suggest?i say we leave now, we go to skyburger and we scarf em down.
i'm not going to skyburger'.
 besides, it's in the opposite direction, let's just eat popcorn or something.
cartwright?i can't have popcorn for dinner!cartwright?i have to eat!so they have hotdogs there.
oh, movie hotdogs! i rather lick the food off the floor.
i can't go anywhere, i have to wait here for tatiana's call.
 let me just check.
excuse me, i'm expecting a call.
 costanza?yeah, i just got a call.
 i yell cartwright! cartwright!', just like that.
 nobody came up, i hang up.
well, was it for costanza or yes, yes, that's it.
 nobody answered.
well was it a woman?yeah, yeah.
 i tell her you not here, she said curse word, i hang up.
she called.
 he yelled cartwright.
 i missed her.
who's cartwright?i'm cartwright!you're not cartwri-of course i'm not cartwright! look, why don't you two just go to the movies all by yourselves, i'm not in the mood.
well me neither, i'm goin to skyburger'.
so you're not going?you don't need us.
well i can't go to a bad movie by myself.
 who am i gonna make sarcastic remarks to, strangers? eh, i guess i'll just go to my uncle's.
should we tell him we're leaving?what for? let's just get out of here.
seinfeld, ?hunger will make people do amazing things.
 i mean, the proof of that is cannibalism.
 cannibalism, what do they say, i mean, they're eating and, you know, this is good, who is this? i like this person'.
 you know, i mean, i would think the hardest thing about being a cannibal is trying to get some very deep sleep, you know what i mean? i would think, you'd be like,  m sorry, but we, uh, we have to break up.
no.
  s that?we're not breaking up.
  re not?no.
 all right she said no?she said no.
what did you do?what could i do?! we fooled around and went to a movie!george, both parties don't have to consent to a break-up.
 it's not like you're launching missiles from a submarine and you both have to turn your keys.
 obviously, you didn't make a convincing case.
 let me hear your arguments.
well, i don't really like her.
that's good.
i don't find her attractive.
solid.
i'd like to sleep with a lot of other women.
always popular.
sometimes at restaurants she talks to her food: ooh, mr.
 mashed potatoes, you are sooo goood.
'you have an airtight case!and in bed--i'm afraid we're out of time.
hey.
what?check these out.
 these are jerry lewis old cufflinks that he actually wore in the movie cinderfella'.
 i got em at an auction.
i got some cufflinks i could've loaned you.
no, jerry lewis is gonna be at this friar's club roast i'm goin to next week.
 now i have an in to strike up a conversation with him.
you already have an in.
 you have the same first name! !oh, that'll intrigue him.
well, it worked when i met george peppard last week.
george peppard has been dead for years.
well, whoever he was, he knew a lot about the a-team!so you would choose your last meal based on the method of execution?right, right.
 i mean, if i was getting the chair, i'd go for something hot and spicy, you know thai, maybe mexican.
 lethal injection, feels like pasta you know, painless, don't want anything too heavy so, um, why don't we get together some time?oh, sure! why don't you give me your number?i think it'd be better if i called you.
oh.
 ok.
 maybe we could grab some lunch sometime.
 d-do you work around here or-?mm mm no, not really.
so, is there anything you can tell me about yourself? re very beautiful.
 what about puddy?i haven't talked to him in, like, three weeks i think it might be over  s this guy about?i don't know.
 he wouldn't tell me his phone number, where he worked i'll bet he's in a relationship.
or he's a crime fighter safeguarding his secret identity! elaine, you could be dating the green lantern!which one is he?green suit, power ring.
i don't care for jewellery on men hey.
 it happened again.
 another robbery in the building.
so you bought a cooler?no, it's a strongbox to protect my irreplaceables.
and what would those be?some taxidermy that's been in my family for generations, my tony, my military discharge.
 you were in the army?y- b-briefly.
 now, i gotta find a good place to hide this key.
 because if somebody finds this, they hold the key to all my possessions.
 literally.
 you mind if i hide this somewhere?no, go ahead.
 a little privacy, uh?oh, come on!oh!come on, jerry, this is a security issue! t last a day in the army.
 well, that's classified.
hey, what if he's married?kramer?!no, the green lantern.
 ok!so, you would date a married guy? that's so hacky.
well, i don't know.
 i may never marry.
 it might be the closest i get.
 you peeked!this is your hiding place?! it was under a spoon!and so, for all these reasons, we are officially broken up.
 and good night.
no, george, we're not.
 but i proved it!i refuse to give up on this relationship.
 it's like launching missiles from a submarine.
 both of us have to turn our keys.
well, then, i am gonna have to ask you to turn your key.
 t do that.
 turn your key, maura.
 turn your key!so, how is a guy like you not involved?i might ask you the same thing.
 s not married.
oh, that is so sweet.
 how long do i have to hold this? oh, no.
who is it?um, uh, no one, no one.
 here, uh, let me show you a short cut.
 come on.
 come on.
  jerry! jerry!elaine, what are you doin down there?you didn't hear me buzzing?oh, i guess it's broken!throw down your key.
it's liable to bounce and go into a sewer.
i'll catch it!you'll chicken out at the last second.
 yeah, you're right.
 well, will you at least keep me company until somebody comes out? s weird?huh?i used to be able to have a huge meal and go right to sleep.
 but i can't anymore.
nodding off! well, i was right.
 he's an adulterer.
 and he's cheating on his wife with me!all right.
here! i'm gonna try and fix the buzzer.
 hey  ? you jammed your key in here? you shorted out my intercom! re so obsessed with me.
i'm gonna go let elaine in.
 oo, y- what are you doing with her?  kramer! security issue!oh, hey.
 you got in.
yeah, flirted with the menu guy.
 here.
  oh, thanks.
 t me!so, he's definitely married, huh?uh boy, i would love to have been there when you told him off.
oh, come on!well, he could be a superhero! you should've seen him run.
 all right, jerry.
 let's see if you can get it in your head that this is not an easter egg hunt for your childish amusement.
  jerry! ll come down! i believe this belongs to you.
heyyyy!  where did you get that?  t know you.
what?there's been some robberies in the building.
 i-i can't let you in.
but, i live here! i ran out to buy some birdseed, and-and i forgot my key.
sounds like a scam.
  so, i broke up with maura.
 it's done.
 i'm out.
great, you're lonely and miserable again.
 feels right.
 is that guy still there?  at us.
don't look at him.
 we don't hear that.
 want a bite?nooo, i don't.
    here? i ended this relationship twice!george, you didn't mean that.
 that was just a fight.
why does it always seem like i'm the only one working at this break-up?george, i listened to your arguments, and they were rambling and flimsy.
 i'm not convinced.
 come on, get dressed and let's get some dinner.
  so, this is your little love nest? it's nothing special, just a little place i keep.
oh.
ah, should i light a fire?oh, that sounds romantic.
i'm having a little problem with the heat.
 um, i got some cardboard out here.
   can you get that, please?oh, sure.
where's glenn? m not really a home-wrecker.
 i-i-i-i-i thought he was a superhero.
 i swear.
lady, i'm not his wife, i'm his welfare caseworker.
 is he home?this is his home?yes.
so, he's   i think this will burn!so you do live here.
 you live on this floor?yeah.
 so you live right there.
yeah.
 so i guess i'll s--he wouldn't give me his number because he doesn't have a phone.
 is he wretchedly poor? does he wear one of those barrels with the straps?he probably busted it up and burned it for heat.
so, when are you giving boxcar willie his walking papers?how can i end it over money? i feel bad.
well, let's think.
 have you ever dealt with the poor in any other situation?yes.
 there was this homeless guy who used to urinate on our garbage cans.
good.
 how did you handle that?well, we gave him a few bucks, and now he goes in the alley across the street.
same situation.
 pay him off, and you're clean.
well, i am not paying glenn off to get out of this relationship.
 wh-what am i supposed to do, just walk into his hovel, and hand him well, how much do you think it would be? hey.
hey, where have you been? seeing maura.
 apparently, i was unable to break up beyond a reasonable doubt.
if only he could have been cheating on his wife, you know, things would have been so much simpler.
who's this, blue arrow?green lantern.
we found out his super power was lack of money.
 all right.
he's invulnerable to creditors.
 he's the got-no-green lantern.
thank you.
 hey, elaine.
 maybe his girlfriend is lois loan.
 hey, maybe this cheating thing is what i could use to ditch maura.
sure, just tell maura you're having an affair.
she's like a district attorney.
 if it's not the truth, i'll break under the cross.
 i actually have to do it.
 could you move over there?!hey, you know, there's this secretary at work that always had a crush on me.
really? how come you never pursued her before?she's too tanned.
 it's the middle of the winter, she's like a carrot.
 did i leave my glasses here? he can wipe out his checking account in a single bounce! heh.
there's a giant parrot in the hallway.
it's phil's.
who?our neighbor that you turned against.
 d be fine with us if he wanted to let it stretch its wings out in the hallway.
what'd ya tell him that for?because since you've been playing god with the front door, i've been tryin to smooth things out, jerry.
 in fact, i was just hanging out at his place.
really? what's it like? is it nicer than mine? where does he have the couch?well, i don't know, but the key problem is solved.
 i hid it at phil's he let you?no, he doesn't know.
 see, i hid it without tellin him.
 so, uh, so, you you say you've been in the city all winter?i was in maine for a couple days.
 well george, i've always fantasized about jumping into bed with you.
 but i don't want to spoil things by sleeping with you too soon.
 cause it could really help me out of a jam.
i want to build something with you, george.
oh, not more building.
 no?no.
 so, uh, what are we doing in this alley, anyway?it's a surprise.
 oh.
what are you doing? what is that?it's a bag of donuts.
it's garbage.
no, no, no, no.
 when they make the new ones, the old ones come out right here.
 how do you spell your last name? s a bear claw! you have no idea how rare this is.
 bout two hundred bucks? two-fifty? oooh!make it three hundred.
  aw, glenn.
hi.
 is phil here?phil hi.
 i-i know we got off to kind of a bad start.
 but your bird, which is lovely by the way, made a mess on my door.
and?i thought maybe you'd clean it up, or your maid, there.
that's my wife.
  t have sex with you.
this isn't going well.
i cannot find my jerry lewis cufflinks.
 without em, i have no in!you don't need the cufflinks! you have the same name! where are you goin'? help me look! with the other.
which is with who?  whoo! boy.
 yeah, you clean up nice.
i can't go until i find my cufflinks.
yeah, see? i knew you would lose em.
 that's why i took em out of your dresser drawer and put em in my strongbox.
you're a lifesaver.
 would you get them, please?yeah, we'll stop by phil's, we'll pick up the key, uh?hey, what's going on?fredo is dead.
 that strange portuguese guy that lives next-door to the incinerator?no! my bird.
 we just got back from the pet cemetery.
 oh, phil mrs.
 phil.
 i'm so sorry.
oh, i'll bet you are! they told us he was poisoned! something in his food.
but i, i didn't, i--kramer, they think i killed fredo! and who buries a bird?yeah.
 just give it to the portuguese guy, and he puts it in the incinerator.
just get the key and let's get out of here.
yeah, yeah.
 s a weeeird coincidence.
kramer!? what?you killed fredo! t have eaten that key!kramer, i need those cufflinks, but now they're in the box, and the key is in the bird what are we gonna do?you just answered your own question.
 oh, no! the, uh, actor that played jesus made some odd choices.
 what?i mean, uh i had fun ice skating.
oh.
 george?maura.
 oh, my god! what are you doing here?!you told me to meet you here for lunch.
    george, what we have is too important.
 we can work through this.
so can we.
 what? so, this is still not over?no.
you?no.
all right.
 elaine, wow, a tv, a stereo?yeah, and i got you a cord of wood, so you won't have to burn em.
oh, my god, alison.
 you're home early.
who is this? his wife.
you're poor and married?looks like it.
who the hell are you?i guess i'm lois loan.
kramer, i can't believe we're grave robbers.
 .
 jerry, i want something like that on my tombstone.
  re the one getting the key out of him.
 ll dig.
listen, i heard that lassie # is buried around here.
 i'm gonna go check it out.
 well, that was easy.
all right, honey, one last look, then you have to let fredo rest in peace.
 s cut him open! oh, my god! hey, neighbor.
all right.
 i'm gonna try givin them fifty-five dollars each what do you think?give me forty, you'll never see me again.
 so, what are you gonna do? are you gonna live here, or are you gonna move out, or what? ll just take the fire escape to get in and out of the building.
so, what's in the cooler? oh.
 well, would you look at that.
 i guess i forgot to lock it.
you mean it was open? we desecrated a pet cemetery for nothing?well, this is one for the books, huh, jerry? reeeally one for the books!when are they gonna learn that any news about china is an instant page-turner? s that?it's a wizard electronic organizer for my dad.
 i'm goin to florida for his birthday.
how much was it?two hundred.
 but i'll tell him it's fifty.
 he doesn't care about the gift.
 he gets excited about the deal.
where are you gettin a wizard for fifty dollars?ah, i'll tell him i got it on the street, and maybe it's hot.
 that's his favorite.
i got a message from the rosses at work today.
susan's parents? when's the last time you talked to them?at the funeral, give or take.
 you know, deep down, i always kinda felt that they blamed me for susan's death.
why, because you picked out the poision envelopes? that's silly.
 oh, um darryl.
 these are people i know.
 jerry, george.
nice meeting you.
 ah, i gotta run, elaine.
 i'll see you later.
ok.
still no puddy?uh, i think his answering machine's broken, so i just gave up.
 well, what do you think?what? about you datin a black guy? what's the big deal?what black guy?darryl.
 he's black, isn't he?he is?no, he isn't.
isn't he, elaine?you think?i thought he looked irish.
what's his last name?nelson.
that's not irish.
i think he's black.
should we be talkin about this?i think it's ok.
no, it isn't.
why not?well, it would be ok if darryl was here.
if he's black.
is he black?does it matter?no, course not.
 i mean, i'd just like to know.
oh, so you need to know?no, i don't need to know.
 i just think it would be nice if i knew.
should i take that? uh, one second.
 oh, here.
 uh, yeah.
 hang on.
 just yeah.
 s george.
uh, who?george costanza.
 susan's, uh, friend? long time no speak.
 re all out of lime juice.
 i told that woman to buy more.
uh, george, the susan ross foundation is having an event this weekend.
oh, i just, uh, leased a house out in the hamptons, and i have got to get out there this weekend and sign the papers.
 back to bed.
thank you for calling, george.
oh, sure.
 i mean, after all, you were almost my, uh ok, i gotta go.
house in the hamptons?well, you know, i've been lyin about my income for a few years.
 i figured i could afford a fake house in the hamptons.
 well.
hey.
well, grab a cigar, boys.
 yeah.
 it's time to celebrate.
wow.
 what are we celebrating?uh, you remember my coffee table book?with the little legs?that's the one.
 a big hollywood so-and-so optioned it for a movie.
how are they gonna make that book into a movie?you remember that photo book on toy ray guns?yeah?independence day?oh.
how much are they payin you?let's just say that i don't have to worry about working for a while.
 a long while.
that's funny because i haven't seen you working for a while.
 a long while.
yeah, and you're not going to, because i'm hanging it up.
 boys, i'm retiring.
from what?from the grind.
 i mean, who needs it? i mean, i've accomplished everything i've set out to do.
 s that?oh, i bought myself a little retirement gift.
 gold watch.
ooh!well, it's not really gold.
aww.
 hey.
hey.
great music.
oh, it's my neighbor.
 they blast that stuff twenty four hours a day.
 i hate it.
yo, you! turn it down!oh, wow, these are nice.
 do they have any cultural significance?they're african.
right.
 african.
well, not africa, actually.
 south africa.
south africa.
my family used to live there, but, uh, we got out years ago, for obvious reasons.
 you know how it is.
maybe.
 s why you, you do this.
i'll tell ya, if i had one of these things, i'd be eatin hot dogs all the time.
are you gonna buy a hot dog or not?mmm no.
 rise and shine, sleepy head! ha ha!it's : in the morning!we let you sleep in.
 m up.
 dad, i got you a birthday present.
 here.
 happy birthday.
aw, jerry.
 i should be buyin you presents.
what does that mean?leave your father alone.
 it's his birthday.
oooh! heh heh! it's a radar detector.
radar detector? i've never seen you go over twenty miles an hour.
 you're like the grand marshall of the rose bowl parade.
 it's a wizard organizer.
this looks like too much money.
nah, i got it from a guy on the street.
 it was, like, fifty bucks.
you think it's hot?could be.
attaboy! helen, jerry got me a hot wizard computer!i'm right here.
and you can do everything with it.
 you can get e-mail, fax, there's a calculator.
so, i can use it in the restaurant to figure out the tip?yeah, i guess.
 but the really cool thing is the daily planner.
helen, we got into restaurants and figure out the tips.
jerry, you're getting your father too excited.
 d you get here?kramer, what are you doing here?i told you i was retiring.
 i moved in next door.
mr.
 kornstein died, and it's a beautiful apartment.
yeah, your, uh, folks said it was for rent, so i jumped on it.
kramer, you can't live down here.
 this is where people come to die.
 not you.
 older people.
don't eat cookies for breakfast! i'll fix you something.
 how bout a feta cheese omelette?mmmm, that sounds great, mom.
if you feed him, he'll never leave.
we don't have any feta.
 how about cottage cheese and egg beaters? i guess.
i can't believe this.
i know, i know.
 don't i look more relaxed?so, george, do you have any thoughts on this darryl situation?actually, i did have a thought.
oh.
why don't you just ask him? s like i really want to know.
maybe he's, um mixed.
is that the right word?i really don't think we're supposed to be talkin about this.
yeah.
 m just gonna go to the bathroom.
 .
yeah.
i'll just talk to jerry when he gets back.
 oh.
 mrs.
 ross, mr.
 ross.
oh, you're george's friend.
we saw him in the city this weekend.
 uh, what happened to his place in the hamptons? t think so.
 have a good one.
rosses.
george, we were just talking about you.
well, sorry i missed that, uh, charity thing.
 but this was one of those truly glorious hampton weekends that you always hear about.
really?yeah, i may move out there.
 ll see ya later.
 keep it real! another fine meal, and now for my wizard tip calculator.
dad, it's got lots of other functions.
don't worry.
 i'll get to the other functions.
 t get it open.
yay! jerry got it open.
the service was slow.
 and god forbid they should refill the water.
 how does .
 % sound? well, your tip is four dollars and thirty-six point six six six six cents.
we'll round down.
jerry, it was so nice of you to come down here on your father's birthday.
 you've helped take his mind off the condo elections.
oh, right.
 you can't run for condo president because you were impeached at the other condo.
i was never impeached! i resigned!even so, the press would bury him!what press?the condo newsletter, the boca breeze.
pinko commie rag.
 hey, morty.
 your boy here, he just got a date with that young aquacise instructor.
she's fifty.
you know what he's got? he's got charisma.
 that's my man.
all right, i'll see you guys.
yeah.
yeah.
 at?i'll tell you what i'm looking at: the next condo president of del boca vista, phase three.
hmm.
elaine, thank you for the wizard!wow, it's got so many functions.
yeah, yeah.
 forget about all that.
 first thing is first.
 warranty information.
 name, we know that.
 uh, hobbies.
 skiing, racquetball well, i don't do that stuff.
it doesn't matter, it doesn't matter, it doesn't matter.
 um.
 oh, here's one: race.
isn't that optional?it certainly should be.
 it's nobody's damn business! but they really would like to know.
all right, i'm asian.
what?just to mess with em.
laughing awkwardly: oh.
 right.
 good one.
average income, uh over a hundred thousand.
really?does that matter?no, but it is very nice to know.
 s you know.
 ll cover us either way.
 re a master of race relations.
hey, so kramer's running for president of the condo?yeah, it's all my father's doing.
he wants to install kramer in a puppet regime and then wield power from behind the scenes.
 preferably from the sauna in the clubhouse.
oh, heh heh heh.
 who are they running against?common sense and a guy in a wheelchair.
 jerry? s still down with his folks.
 here? elaine, elaine-- his mail.
 oh, no.
 he asked you to get the mail? mm-hmm.
 jerry, why is elaine getting your mail?george, listen to me.
 i have a very important job for you.
 i want you to come by twice a day and flush the toilet so the gaskets don't dry out and leak.
 what?what about the mail?this is far more important.
 you must exercise the gaskets, george.
 ll do it.
 see ya.
so, i ran into the rosses again.
oh, right, at the coffee shop.
 where did they get the idea that you have a place in the hamptons?from me.
what did you say?i told them i have a place in the hamptons.
 what did you say?i told them you didn't.
 and i laughed and i laughed.
so, they knew? those liars!but you lied first.
yeah, but they let me go on and on all about the hamptons, they never said a thing! you don't let somebody lie when they know you're lying.
 you call them a liar!like you're a liar!yes.
 thank you! is that so hard?so, this is over, not over? i'm bettin', not over.
hmm-hmm, not by a long shot.
 i'm calling up the rosses and inviting them up to my non-existent place in the hamptons.
 then we'll see who blinks first.
haven't you done enough to these people?this is not about them.
 now, if you'll excuse me, i have to exercise jerry's gaskets.
 am, a vote for me, is a vote for kramer.
will you cut my meat?gladly.
 coffee?sure.
 are you black? or should i bring some cream.
i'm black.
 did you hear that?what?god, there are still people who have trouble with an interracial couple.
interracial? us?isn't that unbelievable!?yes, it's awful! they're upset because we're an interracial couple.
 that is racism!i don't feel like eating.
me neither.
 well, maybe this turkey club.
so here i am.
 ready to take you to the hamptons.
sounds grand.
do you have your bathing suits?it's march.
speak now, or we are headed to the hamptons.
 it's a two-hour drive.
 once you get in that car, we are going all the way to the hamptons.
 all right, you wanna get nuts? come on.
 let's get nuts! dad, you look so different.
oh, no.
 we're campaigning, jerry.
 to rule the people, one must walk among them.
 s the election!right.
 yeah.
 the polls close after dinner, three o'clock.
 but then when we win, the celebration goes all night until the break of eight p.
m.
you know, you can put that whole schedule right in your daily planner.
daily what? s boca breeze? candidate cosmo kramer caught barefoot in clubhouse.
barefoot in the clubhouse? don't you realize this is against the rules.
well, i couldn't find my shoes.
kramer, these people work and wait their whole lives to move down here, sit in the heat, pretend it's not hot, and enforce these rules.
who wants hot chocolate?oh, yeah! me.
this is a huge scandal! we need damage control.
all right, look.
 people seem to like those tip calculators, huh?wizards!yeah, well, how bout if we give one out to every member on the condo board.
kramer there are twenty people on the board.
 thank god you can get that deal.
payoffs.
 now we're playin politics.
 all right, what do we next, morty, huh? wiretaps, slush funds? first, i need a nap.
 ll get your electric blanket!kramer, i can't get that many wizards.
well, what about your deal, huh?i didn't have a deal! they're two hundred dollars a pop.
 what do i do?well, don't worry about it.
 i know a guy.
down here?yeah, bob saccamano's father.
tell us more.
you want to hear more? the master bedroom opens into the solarium.
another solarium?yes, two solariums.
 quite a find.
 and i have horses, too?what are their names?snoopy and prickly pete.
 should i keep driving?oh, look, an antique stand.
 pull over.
 we'll buy you a housewarming gift.
 re taking it up a notch! here you go.
 long day?yeah, i just worked a triple shift.
i hear ya, sister.
sister? s black.
 here he is.
 see?hi, elaine.
hey.
he's black?yeah.
i'm black?aren't you? ll give you a couple minutes to decide.
what are you talking about?you're black.
 you said we were an interracial couple.
we are.
 because you're hispanic.
i am?aren't you?no.
 why would you think that?your name's benes, your hair, and you kept taking me to those spanish restaurants.
that's because i thought you were black.
why would you take me to a spanish restaurant because i'm black?i don't think we should be talking about this.
so, what are you?i'm white.
so, we're just a couple of white people?i guess.
oh.
yeah.
 so do you want to go to the gap? sure.
 any tips where he is.
aw.
congratulations, mr.
 president.
congratulations, mr.
 puppet master.
hey, morty, what's wrong with these tip calculators?what are you talking about?it's overtipping.
 i just left five bucks for a blt.
this isn't a wizard, it's a willard.
a willard? saccamano, sr.
 screwed me!jerry, why didn't you get them wizards?because a real wizard's two hundred dollars.
you didn't have a deal?no deal.
 not hot.
morty, you, and kramer, you're finished.
what?everyone vote for the guy in the wheelchair.
 back to new york.
dad, i'm sorry.
you should be! how could you spend two hundred dollars on a tip calculator?!it does other things!where are we, george?almost there.
well, this is the end of long island.
 where's your house?we, uh, we go on foot from here.
all right.
there's no house! it's a lie! there's no solarium.
 there's no prickly pete.
 there's no other solarium.
we know.
then, why? why did you make me drive all the way out here? why didn't you say something? why? why? why?we don't like you, george.
and we always blamed you for what happened to susan.
oh.
all right! let's head back.
alright, be careful with the car, babe.
yeah, yeah.
and don't move the seat, i got it right where i like it.
goodbye?two and ten, babe.
okay.
don't peel out.
i won't.
jesus?according to our latest quarterly thing,kruger industrial smoothing is heading into the red.
 or the black, or whatever the bad one is.
 any thoughts?well, i know when i'm a little strapped, i sometimes drop off my rent check having forgotten to sign it.
 that could buy us some time.
works for me.
 good thinking, george.
or we don't even send the check and then when they call, we pretend we're the cleaning service.
 heh heh.
 hello? i sorry, no here kruger.
'are you done? silly voices, c'mon people, let's get real.
i had em, jerry.
 they loved me.
and then?i lost them.
 i can usually come up with one good comment during a meeting but by the end it's buried under a pile of gaffs and bad puns.
showmanship, george.
 when you hit that high note, you say goodnight and walk off.
i can't just leave.
that's the way they do it in vegas.
you never played vegas.
i hear things.
here's one.
 i borrowed puddy's car and all the presets on his radio were christian rock stations.
i like christian rock.
 it's very positive.
 it's not like those real musicians who think they're so cool and hip.
so, you think that puddy actually believes in something?it's a used car, he probably never changed the presets.
yes, he is lazy.
plus he probably doesn't even know how to program the buttons.
yes, he is dumb.
so you prefer dumb and lazy to religious?dumb and lazy, i understand.
tell you how you could check.
how?reprogram all the buttons, see if he changes them back.
 you know? the old switcheroo.
no, no, the old switcheroo is you poison your drink then you switch it with the other person's.
no, it's doing the same thing to someone that they did to you.
yeah, elaine's gonna do the same thing to puddy's radio that the radio did to her.
well that's the gist of it!quiet! so where is this sophie?oh, she's picking me up in a few minutes.
how long have you two been together?i dunno.
 since the last one.
 oh, here she is.
 you wanna meet her?nah.
by the way, how did puddy get back in the picture?i needed to move a bureau.
hey jerry, you got any pepper?hey jerry.
hey mickey.
 check the pepper shaker.
yeah.
 see? it should sound like that, something like that.
aah-choo.
a little wetter.
 see, i didn't believe it.
what's with the fake sneezing?yeah, we're going down to mt.
 sinai hospital, see they hire actors to help the students practice diagnosing.
they assign you a specific disease and you act out the symptoms.
 it's an easy gig.
do medical schools actually do this?well the better ones.
 alright, let's practice retching.
huaahhh!!i think the phone is ringing.
huaahhh!!would you hold it a second?! thank you, will you get out of here with that stuff?mickey, dts.
hello?hey.
 it's me.
elaine?no, it's me.
george??jerry, it's sophie.
 i can't believe you don't recognize my voice.
oh, i knew it was you, i was joking.
 i'm a comedian.
you got any ipecac?ipecac? kramer, i really think you guys are going too far with this.
no, mickey, he swallowed twelve aspirin.
did he overdose?no, it's just too much.
 and it gets worse.
 the team working on the statue in lafayette square kind of over-smoothed it.
 they ground the head down to about the size of a softball, and that spells trouble.
alright, well why don't we smooth the head down to nothing, stick a pumpkin under its arm and change the nameplate to ichabod crane? s it for me.
 goodnight everybody.
in your packet you will find the disease you have been assigned and the symptoms you will need to exhibit.
bacterial meningitis.
 jackpot!gonorrhea? you wanna trade?sorry buddy, this is the hamlet of diseases.
 severe pain, nausea, delusions, it's got everything.
sure.
okay, what do you got?the surgeon left a sponge inside me.
good luck with that.
i knew i had hit my high note so i thanked the crowd and i was gone.
what did you do the rest of the day?i saw titanic'.
 so that old woman, she's just a liar, right?and a bit of a tramp if you ask me.
hello boys.
hey, so, did you give that radio the old switcheroo?i did.
and the christian rock?ressurected! and look what i pried off of his bumper, a jesus fish!jerry, do you have any fishsticks?no.
 so you're disappointed he's a spiritual person?well yeah, i got him because he seemed so one-dimensional, i feel misled.
i think it's neat.
 you don't hear that much about god anymore.
i hear things.
 hey, so sophie gave me the it's me on the phone today.
'it's me? isn't it a little premature?i thought so.
hah.
 she's not a me'.
 i'm a me'.
i'm against all it's me's.
 so self-absorbed and egotistical, it's like those hip musicians with their complicated shoes!well, i got gonorrhea.
that seems about right.
that's what they gave me.
they? the government?no, no.
 he's pretending he's got gonorrhea so med students can diagnose it.
and it's a waste of my talent.
 it's just a little burning.
 mickey, he got bacterial meningitis.
i guess there are no small diseases, only small actors.
 s it for me.
 good night everybody.
what was that?showmanship, george is trying to get out on a high note.
see, showmanship.
 maybe that's what my gonorrhea is missing.
yes! step into that spotlight and belt that gonorrhea out to the back row.
yes, yes i will! i'm gonna make people feel my gonorrhea, and feel the gonorrhea themselves.
just a little burning during urination.
the haunting memories of lost love.
 may i? our eyes met across the crowded hat store.
 i, a customer, and she a coquettish haberdasher.
 oh, i pursued and she withdrew, then she pursued and i withdrew, and so we danced.
 i burned for her, much like the burning during urination that i would experience soon afterwards.
gonorrhea!one message.
 hope it's not from you.
'hey jerry, it's me.
 call me back.
'sophie.
she's still doing that?yep.
alright, i'll tell you what you do.
 you call her back and give her the it's me', heh? pull the old switcheroo.
i think that's a what's good for the goose is good for the gander'.
what the hell is a gander, anyway? s me.
hey raef.
 s someone named raef.
good, let her think it.
 s going on?not a lot.
ask about you, ask about you.
so, uh, how are things with jerry?oh, i really like him but, well, i still haven't told him the tractor story.
right, right, the tractor story.
are you sick, raef? you sound kinda funny.
i sound funny?abort! abort!yeah i better get to a doctor, bye.
 that was close! what drives me to take chances like that?that was very real.
she said there's some tractor story that she hasn't told me about.
woah, back it up, back it up.
 beep, beep, beep.
 tractor story?beep, beep, beep? what are you doing?so where do you wanna eat?feels like an arby's night.
arby's.
 beef and cheese and do you believe in god?yes.
oh.
 so, you're pretty religious?that's right.
so is it a problem that i'm not really religious?not for me.
why not?i'm not the one going to hell.
you know what i think? i bet she stole a tractor.
no one's stealing a tractor, it's a five-mile-an-hour getaway.
 we're dancing around the obvious, it's gotta be disfigurement.
does she walk around holding a pen she never seems to need?no, she looks completely normal.
oh.
 okay, here it is, i got it.
 she lost her thumbs in a tractor accident and they grafted her big toes on.
 they do it every day.
you think she's got toes for thumbs?how's her handshake? a little firm, isn't it? maybe a little too firm?i don't know.
hands a little smelly?why do i seek your counsel?well i'm going to hell.
that seems about right.
according to puddy.
hey, have you heard the one about the guy in hell with the coffee and the doughtnuts and--i'm not in the mood.
 ll have some coffee and a doughnut.
what do you care? you don't believe in hell.
i know, but he does.
so it's more of a relationship problem than the final destination of your soul.
well, relationships are very important to me.
maybe you can strike one up with the prince of darkness as you burn for all eternity.
 s food cake.
hey.
 where is everyone?they're all off the project.
 they were boring.
 george, you are my main man.
i am?i don't know what it is, i can't put my finger on it, but lately you have just seemed on'.
 and you always leave me wanting more.
this is a huge project involving lots of numbers and papers and folders.
ah, i'm not too worried about it.
 let's get started.
okay.
george? check it out.
 three times around, no feet.
and?all me.
alright, and here are you ailments for this week.
 by the way, mr.
 kramer, you were excellent.
oh, thank you.
cirrhosis of the liver with jaundice! alright i get to wear make-up! what did you get?gonorrhea? excuse me, i think there's been a mistake, see, i had gonorrhea last week.
oh, it's no mistake.
 we loved what you did with it.
i don't believe this, i'm being typecast.
i move my knight here.
 check.
they should update these pieces, nobody rides horses anymore.
 maybe they should change it to a tractor.
jerry, are you embarrassed that you're losing?losing? you know, yesterday i lost control of my car, almost bought the farm.
bought the farm?tractor!this is an odd side of you, jerry.
 i feel uncomfortable.
wait, don't go.
 let's thumb wrestle.
a scar?a big long scar where her leg would dangle when she's riding a ?a tractor.
i'm sure she's a little self-conscious and doesn't like to talk about it.
i don't see why's she more self-conscious about that than her toe thumbs.
she doesn't have toe thumbs.
well, if she keeps horsing around with that tractor--alright.
 so how's the two-man operation at kruger?two-man? it's all me.
 kruger doesn't do anything; disappears for hours at a time, gives me fake excuses.
 this afternoon i found him with sleep creases on his face.
 the only reason i got out to get a bite today was that he finally promised to buckle down and do some actual work.
 mr.
 kruger? who said he was going to do some actual work today? who?i'm not too worried about it.
well i am.
 couldn't you try to go through some of that stuff i put in your shoebox?alright, alright i'm going.
 huh-ho! have you ever seen anything like this?never.
elaine, they forgot to deliver your paper today.
 why don't you just grab that one.
'cause that belongs to mr.
 potato guy, that's his.
c'mon, get it.
well if you want it, you get it.
sorry, thou shalt not steal.
oh, but it's ok for me?what do you care, you know where you're going.
alright, that is it! i can't live like this.
nah.
c'mon.
alright, what did i do?david, i'm going to hell! the worst place in the world! with devils and those caves and the ragged clothing! and the heat! my god, the heat! i mean, what do you think about all that?gonna be rough.
uh, you should be trying to save me!don't boss me! this is why you're going to hell.
i am not going to hell and if you think i'm going to hell, you should care that i'm going to hell even though i am not.
you stole my jesus fish, didn't you?yeah, that's right!oh, my liver! why did i drink all those years? why did i look for love in a bottle?mr.
 kramer? you're up.
wait a minute.
 you are doing gonorrhea, aren't you?well, we'll see.
 well, i guess it started about twenty years ago when i got back from viet nam, and this was the only friend i had left.
hey! that's my cirrhosis! he's stealing my cirrhosis! ll make you sick.
let me see if i understand this.
 you're concerned that he isn't concerned that you're going to hell.
 and you feel that she's too bossy.
yeah, that's right.
well, oftentimes in cases of inter-faith marriages, couples have difficulty--you aren't?no.
we're just, you know, having a good time.
oh, well then it's simple.
 you're both going to hell.
no way, this is bogus, man!well, thank you father.
oh, did you hear the one about the new guy in hell who's talkng to the devil by the coffee machine?i'm really not in the mood, i'm going to hell.
oh, lighten up.
 it'll only feel like an eternity.
you know, jerry, there's this thing that i haven't told you about.
 see, there was this tractor and, oh boy, this is really difficult.
sophie, it's me.
 i know about the tractor story and i'm fine with it.
how could you know? m not gonna let a little thing like that ruin what could be a very long-term and meaningful relationship.
 i didn't say that, no.
you gave me gonorrhea, you didn't even tell me!well, i'm sorry.
 i gave you gonorrhea because i thought you'd have fun with it.
hey, hey! i'm with someone.
oh.
 hello.
no, i understand.
 this could be a tough thing to deal with.
 the important thing is that you have a partner who's supportive.
 s right.
unfortunately, i didn't have a partner.
 i got gonorrhea from a tractor.
you got gonorrhea from a tractor?? and you call your tractor story??you can't get it from that.
but i did.
 my boyfriend said i got gonorrhea from riding the tractor in my bathing suit.
 ve been great.
 goodnight everybody.
would you mind helping me out with some of this stuff?!?you seem like you've got a pretty good handle on it.
no! i don't! don't you even care? this is your company! it's your name on the outside of the building! speaking of which, the r fell off and all it says now is k-uger!k-uger, that sounds like one of those old-time car horns, huh? k-uger! k-uger!huh-ho! oh! you are too much, mr.
 kruger! too much! s it for me.
oh no, you're not going out on a high note with me mr.
 kruger!it's k-uger!no! no!goodnight everybody!i read somewhere that this brentano's is the place to meet girls in new york.
first it was the health club, then the supermarket, now the bookstore.
 they could put it anywhere they want, no one's meetin anybody.
jerry, look at all these pagodas, huh? i gotta get over to hong kong before it all goes back to china  you better hurry.
i'm gonna hit the head.
oh, boy, look at this.
 hong kong's outlawed the rickshaw.
 see, i always thought those would be perfect for new york.
 yes.
 the city needs more slow-moving wicker vehicles.
hmm, elaine's been to hong kong.
 i should give her a call.
she's at that annual peterman party tonight.
 you know the one she danced at last year? t dancing.
 s leo.
oh? who's leo?uncle leo.
oh, yeah.
 right.
 uncle, leo.
 forgot his first name did i just see that?! well, that ougta keep you busy for a few days, huh? so, elaine are you going to dance this year?maybe all over your face!if you do dance, the cooks want to know - so they can be brought out of the kitchen.
 they missed it last year.
my friends, a toast.
 as the wolly-haired melanasians of papua, new guinea once said, hi, i'm zach.
hi, i'm miserable.
 excuse me, sir.
 what are you doing? m all set.
 did you take that book with you into the bathroom? what do you want to hear?they made me buy it a hundred bucks this thing cost me.
 t for the toilet, there would be no books.
 yeah.
 i understand guttenberg used to spend a lot of time in there.
they're selling coffee, bran muffins you're surrounded by reading material.
 it's entrapment! ?i find the soothing pastorial images very conduc- thank you very much.
well, i'm gonna go back there later and return it when there's different people working you want to catch a movie?i can't.
 i'm meeting uncle leo.
 i saw him shoplifting at the bookstore.
 it to the man!sleeping in the caragain?cocktail flu.
 oh, right.
 the big party you, uh, didn't dance again, did you? no, i found a better way to humiliate myself.
 there was this guy, and we had a few too many you went home with him?worse.
 we made out at the table like our plane was going down! ah, the drunken make-out.
 an office classic.
 did you end up xeroxing anything? do you know how embarrassing this is to someone in my position? s your position?i am an associate.
hey, me too.
yeah, me too.
oh god.
 why did i do this? now i'm the office skank.
well, unless you tell everybody you're dating.
 re dating, what everyone saw was just a beautiful moment between two lovers.
 as opposed to a spirited bout of skanko-roman wrestling.
 oh, bravo.
 oh, hey.
 can i fix you fellas some drinks and sandwiches? ve already eaten.
 but you can clear some of this stuff out of the way.
jerry, check this out.
 re gonna make it happen! re not.
newman, he knows a guy in the hong kong post office  t.
he's shipping us a rickshaw.
 it can't miss!yes, it can.
we'll start out with one, and they when it catches on, we're gonna have a whole fleet!it's the romance of the handsome cab without the guilt or dander of the equine.
so, who's gonna pull this thing? well, i just assumed you would.
yeah, but i though- da-da-da-da no.
 t this an awkward moment? what about the homeless?can't we worry about them later? to pull the rickshaw.
 they do have an intimate knowledge of the street they're always walkin around the city.
 why not just strap something to them?! ve heard all day.
jerry, hello! so, leo, how's everything? you doin okay?i still have the ringing in the ears.
 sounds like the phone.
 yeah, yeah.
 but what about money? are you strapped? do you need a little?what, are you kidding? i should you loaning you money! m not.
 s yesterday.
why didn't ya say hello?because you were too busy stealing a book.
 you still say hello.
 leo, i saw you steal.
oh, they don't care.
 we all do it.
who, criminals?senior citizens.
 no big deal.
you could get arrested.
arrested? come on! s my name? will you take me home? leo alright, alright.
 mr.
 goody two-shoes.
 you made your point.
 thank you.
 will somebody answer that damn phone?! d you think, i was the office skank?well 'well'? we've been dating for three months.
 between you and me, and anyone else you want to tell.
 oh man.
 ugh  t that zach?yeah.
aren't you upset? yes.
 oh, man! oh!alright, listen up.
 now, you three have been hand-picked out of possibly dozens that applied.
 now, what we're looking for are motivated, hard-working, homeless gentlemen like yourselves to pull rickshaws.
 re from, or how you got here, or what happened to your homes.
 but you will have to be physically fit.
the government! re also going to need a well-toned upper body.
alright, who's first?hey.
name, please.
rusty.
 rusty.
 you know, i once knew a horse named rusty.
 no offence.
 ve got! ok? ready, and go! giddy up! good form.
 re gonna have to do this all day for very little money.
hey, what's he doin'?i think he stealing our rickshaw!well, then, he's out!yes, i, uh, i need to return this book.
 t take this book back.
why not?it's been flagged.
 flagged?it's been in the bathroom.
it says that on the computer?please take it home.
 we don't want it near the other books.
 well, you just lost a lot of business! because i love to read! s having a little problem with shoplifting mm-hmm.
 where's your uncle? s over there in the overcoat.
 if you could just kind of put a scare into him you know, set him straight  we have a - in paperbacks.
 all units respond.
' - '? that - that's just a scare, right?sir, i'm gonna have to ask you to stand out of the way and let us handle this.
 swarm! swarm!what?! i'm an old man! i'm confused!you're under arrest.
 i just wanted you to scare him.
jerry, you ratted me out?! hello?hello.
mom, i didn't rat out uncle leo.
 i just wanted the guard to scare him straight.
jerry, he won't last a day in prison.
 s just a fine.
she's got priors.
 prior convictions? leo?it was a crime of passion.
 leave it alone.
besides, it's not stealing if it's something you need.
 what does that mean?nobody pays for everyting.
 re stealing too?!nothing.
 batteries.
 well, they wear out so quick.
mom, you too?sometimes your father forgets, so i have to steal them.
alright, i'll talk to you later.
 , he bolted.
 well, you know, eighty-five percent of all homeless rickshaw businesses fail within the first three months.
 ve gotten some collateral from him like his bag of cans, or his other bag of cans.
we gotta find that rickshaw.
 you check the sewers and dumpsters.
 i'll hit the soup kitchens, bakeries, and smorgasbords.
to the idiotmobile!so, even though you're not really going out with this guy, he's cheating on you?that is correct.
 but here's the beauty part - now i stand up for myself by telling everybody i'm dumping his sorry ass, and i'm the office- tina turner? alright.
well, i've to every brentano's.
 this thing's flagged in every database in town!is it so horrible to have to keep a book?i don't understand what the big deal is.
 they let you try on pants.
 not underpants.
hey, that's your uncle leo.
 uncle leo.
 hello! jerry.
 t know about your past.
 you mean my crime of passion? if anyone betrays me, i never forget! uncle leo, wait! hello?!french impressionism.
 oh, i love this.
 now, what is the problem with this book?nothing.
how much do you want for it?you know, i could let it go for say a hundred and twenty-five.
leo's furious.
 what is that doing on the table? jerry, simmer down.
 m not eating anything in the vicinity of that book.
 what is wrong with this book?simmer!that book has been on a wild ride.
 george took it into the bathroom with him and-  may i ask, what do you read in the bathroom?i don't read in the bathroom.
well, aren't you something?elaine, do you have a moment? it's about your lover.
 oh yes.
 i know all about his little performance in the break room.
elaine, who among us hasn't snuck into the break room to nibble on a love newton? love newton?i'm afraid the problem with zach is more serious.
 he's back on the horse, elaine.
 smack.
 white palace.
 the chinaman's nightcap.
an addict? well, it just keeps getting better!and, in a tiny way, i almost feel responsible.
 i'm the one who sent him to thailand - in search of low-cost whistles.
 filled his head with pseudoerotic tales of my own opium excursions.
 plus, i have him some phone numbers of places he could score near the hotel.
look, uh, mr.
 peterman, the fact is that i was planning on breaking up with zach anyway.
 he was cheating on me!damn it, elaine.
 that wasn't zach.
 that was the yam-yam.
 now, he is going cold turkey.
 and you will be at his side.
oh.
 well, you know, i had planned to uh- uh, p.
s.
, the first twenty-four hours are the worst.
 better bring a poncho.
it was a crime of passion.
if anyone betrays me, i never forget.
he won't last a day in prison.
 answer that damn phone!hello?hey, it's me.
uncle leo? s nice.
 what are you up to?nightmares.
 you?my fake boyfriend is going through real withdrawals.
 m burning up! elaine!eat your soup!you're not feeding him, are you?why? you know what? i gotta go.
hey, buddy.
 ah! kramer!i thought i heard you.
get out of here! there you are.
will everybody please leave?!i just heard that a postman spotted a rickshaw down in battery park.
our rickshaw?it's entirely possible.
i want everyone out! ll make some cocoa.
 good night.
 good night, newman.
there it is!rusty!oh, there you are.
 oh, do i get the job? s get this baby home.
uh what?you know, when you think about it, it's kind of silly for us both to pull this thing all t he way back uptown.
 i mean, after all, it is a conveyance.
yes, that's true.
so, which one of us is gonna pull?well, there's only one way to settle this.
 em, tay, taw, toe  yeah.
best two out of three? one spot, two spot hey, boy.
 smooth it out up there.
 too much jostling! so, you want to donate this to charity?well, i assume there's some sort of write-off.
what's the value of the book?uh, about two hundred dollars, miss demooney.
 s demornay.
 rebecca demornay.
oh.
 this book has been in the bathroom.
 s rediculous.
it's been flagged.
 i know.
 i used to work in a brentano's.
 mister, we're trying to help the homeless heare - it's bad enough that we have some nut out there trying to strap em to a rickshaw! ll just take fifty.
 do - do we have a deal?yeah, and here it is: you get your toilet book out of here, and i won't jump over this counter and punch you in the brain!i could take it in merchandise  here i come so, this book'll tell me how to get puke out of cashmere?yeah.
great.
 so, the worst is over?yeah.
 now i can break up with him.
 he's clean, and i'm the office hero.
seems like you're better at fake relationships than real ones.
yeah, huh.
 i even got an idea out of it.
 the detox poncho.
 see ya.
 d like to speak with the manager, please.
mind your pace, boy.
 chop, chop! well, don't tarry.
 i'm behind schedule as it is.
 oh  boy boy.
 kramer!woah! wait!ahhh! yaaaahhh! well, this is the first day of the rest of my life!waaaaahhhh!george? what are you doin here?i can't sell the book.
 it's been marked.
 it certainly has.
so, i'm gonna steal another one, and then return it.
 that way, everything is even.
 s even?i'm goin in!did you want to speak with the manager?yes.
 my uncle leo was cought shoplifing here the other day yes, uncle leo.
 i remember him.
 i'm sorry, our policy is we prosecute all shoplifters.
 s just a lonely old man.
 all old people steal.
that's right.
 that's why we stopped carrying batteries.
 look, i'll be honest with you, we've had a lot of trouble with theft lately - and my boss says i have to make an example to someone.
so it could be anyone?i guess.
 as long as we catch him in the act.
that guy! swarm! swarm!no! jerry!happy birthday to you.
thanks.
elaine, cake?uh, no, thanks.
it's walter's special day.
you know, there are people who work in this office.
 every day is somebody's special day.
elaine! where're you going? it's walter's last day.
 we have to celebrate.
it's his birthday and it's his last day?this is other-walter, from returns.
hey, what's going on here?surprise!oh guys.
elaine, it's my last day.
 have a piece.
all right, pile it on.
for he's a jolly good fellow happy birthday to you for he's a jolly good fellow birthday to you which nobody can deny what is so bad about having a little piece of cake?it is the forced socializing.
 i mean, just because we work in the same office, why do we have to act like we're friends?why aren't you there now?i had to take a sick day.
 i'm so sick of these people.
 by the way, i talked to lisi, and tomorrow night's good for her.
you know, i shouldn't go out with a friend of yours.
 i foresee messiness.
yeah, you're better off sitting around here, reading comic books, and eating spaghetti at two in the morning hey, speaking of tomato sauce, you want to come with me and george to mario's pizza?your old high school hangout? why?they're closing.
 we're going for one last slice.
hey.
 all right.
 hi.
 check it out, official police caution tape.
 look at that.
uh-uh-uh.
 step back, son, there's nothing to see here.
where did you get this?well, i got it from my cop buddy doug.
you sure have a lot of friends.
 how come i never see any of these people?they want to know why they never see you.
i'm gonna eat that later.
so they just gave you this?oh no, no,.
 no.
 i had to fish around in the evidence room for it.
 you know, they're all preoccupied, trying to hunt down this new psycho-serial killer, the lopper.
 all right, i'll see ya.
wait a minute, wait a minute.
 who is the lopper?oh, it's no big deal.
 it's just some guy who's been running around riverside park-pffff.
 you know, cutting people's heads off.
how come i haven't read about this?well, you know, the police, they've been having some internal dissension about the name.
really? what're the other titles?uh, headso uh the denogginizer son of dad.
son of dad?yeah.
 that was my suggestion.
 it's sort of a catchall.
mario's pizza.
just as she was.
 hey, mario! remember us?no.
we used to come in every day.
so where ya been? we're tanking here.
we'll have slices and grape sodas.
oh, thanks.
 that'll save us.
all right, make it the large sodas.
hey, jerry, remember frogger? i used to be so into this game.
 gettin that frog across the street was my entire life.
yeah.
 and then you went on to well, it's a good game.
double jump! eat the fly! eat it!thanks a lot.
ah, beat it, punk.
hey, look at the high score--'g.
l.
c.
 george louis costanza.
 that's not you, is it?yes! , .
 i can't believe it's still standing.
 no one has beaten me in like years.
i remember that night.
the perfect combination of mountain dew and mozzarella just the right amount of grease on the joy stick here's your pizza pea brains.
i think i remember why we stopped coming here.
yeah.
this pen smells really bad.
 so why do i keep smelling it? is it too late for me to go to law school?what is this?you were out sick yesterday, so we got you a get-well cake.
it's carrot.
 it's good for you.
get well get well soon, we wish you to get--stop it! that's not even a song! i mean, now we're celebrating a sick day?i think it's nice.
what? what is nice? trying to fill the void in your life with flour and sugar and egg and vanilla? i mean, we are all unhappy.
 do we have to be fat, too? not you becky, i know you have a slow metabolism.
 i don't want one more piece of cake in my office!get well, get well soon--it's not happening.
can we still it eat?i'll tell you lisi, i never expected that movie to--end under water?be that long.
 i mean, most action movies are--so much more violent.
not as long.
well, i should probably--get going.
yeah.
well, it was nice meeting you.
 i'm sure i'll see you--eight tomorrow?actually, that's--what you were thinking.
right.
oh! here you are.
 ha ha you, uh, you want to--sure.
 how about this one?well, i'm doing it, jerry.
 i'm buying the frogger machine.
 now the torch will burn forever.
fabulous.
 see, now you're really do something.
so, you want to come down to mario's pizza with me and help me pick up the frogger?hey, how you gonna keep the machine plugged in while you move it?what?once you unplug the machine, all the scores will be erased.
you're right.
 why must there always be a problem? you'd think just once i could get a break.
 god knows i earned it with that score!well, more bad news jerry.
you know the police, they found another victim of the lopper in riverside park.
 i saw the photo, and it looked a lot like you.
oh, come on.
 there's a lot of people walking around the city that look like me.
not as many as there used to be.
no.
 i need a guy that can rig a frogger machine so that i can move it without losing power, cause i have the high score.
 h-hello?you know, george, you're not gonna find an electrician like that in the yellow pages.
 now, i know just the guy who can do this.
another friend?oh, no, no, no.
 this guy is no friend.
 in fact, we don't even get along.
well, is he good, kramer?oh, he's the best and the worst.
kramer, listen to me.
 i'm never gonna have a child.
 if i lose this frogger high score, that's it for me.
believe me george, you can count on slippery pete.
slippery pete?yeah, i don't care for the name, either.
 in fact, that's one of the things that we argue about.
all right, i'm gonna find a guy with a truck.
 glc must live on!come on.
dng-ga-gng-ga-wt.
hello?so how's it going with my friend?she's a sentence finisher.
 it's like dating mad libs.
what is that?oh, it's a cake party.
 it's the third one today.
 i didn't realize how hooked i got on that : sugar rush.
so join in.
i can't.
 i denounced them.
 maybe i'll go raid peterman's fridge.
 he's always got a truffle or something in there.
all right.
hey, wh-what--yeah.
 i dropped an egg.
 be careful.
anybody here? peterboy?ooh, it's a cake walk.
get well, get well soon we wish you to get well.
ha ha ha ha oh, what a stirring little anthem of wellness.
mr.
 peterman, um--we missed you at the get well party.
 poor old walt has a polyp in the duodenum.
 it's benign, but--ooh--still a bastard.
 oh, elaine, can you keep a secret?no, sir, i can't.
inside that small college boy minifridge is my latest acquisition.
 a slice of cake from the wedding of king edward viii to wallis simpson, circa , price--$ , .
well lisi, that was another-lovely evening.
really bad meal.
 i was thinking maybe we should--go for a hansom cab ride?call it a night.
 i'll walk you home.
 where do you live? th street, right off riverside park.
riverside park.
i thought we were going--back to my place.
 that's right.
so you slept with her?she lives right off riverside park.
 i was scared of the lopper, so i let her stay over.
and you automatically sleep with her?well, i just wanted to make out a little, but she kind of--finished your thought.
guess what i ate.
an ostrich burger.
no.
 a $ , piece of cake.
 peterman got it at the duke of windsor auction.
 it was the most romantic thing i've ever eaten.
how'd it taste?a little stale.
yeah.
so, uh are you sleeping with peterman?no.
 he doesn't know i ate it.
 in fact, he almost caught me.
 i have to sneak back in and even it out.
you know, they say ostrich has less fat, but you eat more of it.
hey, so i talked to lisi and she has got a big surprise for you.
 she's planning a weekend trip to pennsylvania dutch country.
pennsylvania dutch country? oh, that's the serious relationship weekend place.
what is going on with you two?well, i think by sleeping with her, i may have sent her the wrong message.
what's that? : sugar fix.
well, i'm calling this off right now.
no, no.
 you are way past the phone call breakup stage.
well, i'm not going over there.
 that's where the lopper is.
oh it's daylight.
 it won't take you that long.
 just make a clean break.
just a little off the side well, no point in wasting $ , .
oh, commander, isn't the wedding marvelous? more cake? oh, i shouldn't.
 i mustn't.
 ah, what the hell?now, each of you is here because you're the best at what you do.
slippery pete, kramer tells me you are one hell of a rogue electrician.
 and shlomo, you're the best truck driver.
i don't know if i'm the best.
oh you're very good.
let's say good.
'ok.
 good.
 and kramer, you're in charge of taping off the loading zone.
lock and load.
you think you can handle that, numb nuts?all right, all right, come on, now.
that was my mail-order bride.
hey, you weren't home, so i signed for her.
it doesn't give you the right to make out with her.
you weren't even married yet.
all right, all right, calm down, calm down.
 whatever happened in the past is past.
now, this is the basic layout for mario's pizza.
so what kind of jail time are we looking at if we're caught?what do you mean?we're stealing this thing, right?no.
 i--i paid for it.
i thought we were stealing it.
yeah.
 it feels like we're stealing it.
we're not stealing it.
i definitely thought we're stealing it.
all right, let's--let's focus.
 can we get back to the plan?well, i need a battery for this kind of a job.
 can i at least steal a battery?fine.
 steal the battery.
 now, all right, here is the frogger.
 this is the front door, and this is the outlet.
what's that?the outlet?mm-hmm.
that's where the electricity comes out.
oh, you mean the holes.
which one's the bathroom?uh, here.
they put the frogger with the toilet? yecchh.
the frogger is here.
george, i thought that was the door.
where are all the pizza ovens?i thought the bathroom was here.
all right.
 you understand now? it's not that complicated.
i need to replace an antique piece of cake.
do you have anything that's been you know, laying around for a while? something prewar would be just great.
oh, hey, elaine.
 what, you got the munchies?oh, kramer, i am in big.
 big, big trouble.
 i need a cake that looks like this.
oh, yeah--sotheby's.
 yeah.
 they make good cake.
do any of these look close?no, but i know i've seen cake just like that.
 oh--entenmann's.
 yeah.
entenmann's? from the supermarket?well, no.
 they're not really in the supermarket.
 yeah, they got their own case at the end of the aisle.
hi, lisi.
hi, honey.
 is that a bat?uh, yeah.
 i found it on the street.
 it's gotta be worth something.
so, what do you want to do, sweetheart?well, before we do anything maybe we should talk.
then this pennsylvania dutch thing comes out of nowhere.
 i mean, how am i supposed to respond to that?then may i say something without being interrupted?well i'm sorry if i ruined your life.
 that's exactly what i set out to do.
uh-huh.
 uh-huh.
 mm-hmm.
 uh-huh are you afraid to kiss me in public?have we even been in public?so now you're going to tell me what i'm thinking.
 well, go ahead, cause i'd really like to know.
you are not dumb.
 don't say that these beans are pretty good.
 minutes.
well, i'm sorry i'm not brad.
 i'm me!nice to meet ya!boy, did your mother do a number on you.
fine.
 so it's over.
oh, thank god.
 why is it dark out? what time is it? : .
we've been breaking up for hours?good-bye, jerry.
lopper.
 you know, lisi, maybe we should give this a little more time.
 see how it looks in the light of day.
out!lopper.
lisi, lisi.
 let me in! we can work this out.
 i was wrong, you were right.
 i'll do anything!jerry, you came for the big moment.
no.
 i'm waiting for ha ha.
 everything's timed out to perfection, jerry.
 slippery pete's got the frogger running on battery power, the truck will be there any minute, and kramer's taped out the loading zone.
oh.
 sounds great.
yeah, yeah.
 you gotta come over tonight.
 we can play.
oh, i can't.
 i'm busy.
 i'm going away on a long weekend.
where?look what i found.
 i got one for you, too.
great.
 uh, you know what? why don't you put it in the car so i don't toss it in that dumpster?ha ha.
 ok.
 i'll meet thee in front of your place, minutes.
a long, long weekend.
i hear thee.
elaine! excellent.
 i'd like you to meet a friend of mine, irwin lubeck.
oh, hello.
charmed.
all right, brace yourself, lubeck.
 you are about to be launched via pastry back to the wedding of one of the most dashing and romantic nazi sympathizers of the entire british royal family.
i guess i'll just--oh, no elaine, stay.
 lubeck here is the world's foremost appraiser of vintage pastry.
all right, lubeck.
 how much is she worth?i'd say about .
ha ha ha ha ha!$ , ! lubeck, you glorious titwillow.
 you just made me a profit of $ , .
no, $ .
 .
 it's an entenmann's.
do they have a castle at windsor?no.
 they have a display case at the end of the aisle.
oh, good lord.
you all right, peterman? you look ill.
get well, get well soon, we want you to get well.
 get well, get well soon we want you to get well.
what are you guys doing?eat the fly.
 eat the fly.
 got him!you idiots.
 you're gonna wear down the battery.
the batteries are fine.
 we've got oh, god.
 only minutes left.
quick.
 get this thing back in the pizzeriageorge, they closed up.
i need an outlet!a what?holes! i need holes!the pharmacy's still open.
all right.
 kramer, you block off traffic.
 you to go sweet-talk the pharmacist.
you owe me a quarter.
slippery pete.
 kramer, hurry up!ahh! i'm out! no tape left!well, come on george, i'll help you push it across.
wait a minute.
 this looks familiar.
 this reminds me of something.
 i can do this.
by yourself?jerry, i've been preparing for this moment my entire life.
he looks like a frog.
so do you.
game over.
mr.
 peterman, you wanted to see me, sir?elaine, up until a moment ago, i was convinced that i was on the receiving end of one of the oldest baker's grift in the books--the entenmann's shim-sham.
ohh until i remembered the videotape surveillance system that i installed to catch other-walter using my latrine.
 but it also caught this.
mr.
 peterman, i, uh elaine, i have a question for you.
 is the item still with you?um as far as i know.
do you know what happens to a butter-based frosting after six decades in a poorly ventilated english basement?uh, i guess i hadn't--well, i have a feeling that what you are about to go through is punishment enough.
 dismissed.
cup of tea with lemon.
what happened to your voice?i was screamin at hecklers all night.
 the last time i open for a rodeo.
well, jerry, i been thinkin'.
 i've gotten as far as i can go with george costanza.
is this the suicide talk or the nickname talk?the nickname.
 george.
 what is that? it's nothing.
 it's got no snap, no zip.
 i need a nickname that makes people light up.
you mean like liza!but i was thinking t-bone.
but there's no t in your name.
 what about g-bone?there's no g-bone.
there's a g-spot.
that's a myth.
t-bone, the ladies are gonna love ya.
why did they hire you for a rodeo?they heard i opened for kenny rogers once.
didn't he throw you off a bus in the middle of alabama or--oh, i had that comin to me.
you know, kenny rogers has a-why did you get a maid?you don't have to whisper.
 she knows she's a maid.
where did you get her?i hired her from a service!all done.
thank you.
 nice job.
is this mine?yeah.
what?come on, jerry.
 you didn't notice?notice what? she's not really even a maid.
oh.
she wants to be an actress or a, uh, model or a dancer or a news woman.
uh-huh.
 news woman.
 yeah.
hey.
 well, bad news, boys.
 my life is over.
 my girlfriend's movin away.
you have a girlfriend?jerry, where have you been?at a rodeo.
 where's she moving?downtown.
downtown new york?yeah.
 i don't know if i can handle one of these long-distance relationships.
it's like minutes by subway.
i don't know.
oh! jeez! well, you've got a maid.
 it's a whole different world downtown-- different gap, different tower records, and she's a .
what? what is that?that's the new area code.
 they've run out of s, so all the new numbers are .
i was a when i first moved here.
 i cried every night.
listen.
 heads up, elaine.
 i'm gonna have to stop by later and pick up a fax.
at work?no.
 at your apartment.
i don't have a fax machine.
here we go.
well, now what are we gonna do? see? this is why you should get a fax and a xerox.
and a dead bolt.
then maybe you have a fax machine.
you just blew my mind.
let's order lunch.
mary, i will have a chef's salad.
turkey sandwich.
t-bone steak.
for lunch?well, i am just a t-bone kinda guy.
 love that t-bone.
 in fact, you might as well call me--that sounds good.
 i'll have one, too.
watkins, you're havin a t-bone?i love em.
well, then we should call you t-bone.
uh, no.
 no, we shouldn't.
t-bone!t-bone! t-bone! t-bone! t-bone! t-bone! t-bone! t-bone! t-bone!hello?what?you have messages.
 message one message two message three hey, it's george.
 listen, i-message four hello?aah!well cindy, the place looks great.
thanks jerry, gotta run.
ok, i'll see ya.
hi, elaine.
all right! you're foolin around with your maid.
 that is a wise decision.
elaine, do you think i would go willy-nilly into a situation so obviously fraught with potential complications?you are paying a woman to come to your house and sleep with you.
no.
 i pay her to clean.
 the rest is--what? a health plan?i was going to say, being a good host.
'oh-ho-ho.
 oh.
but the point is we have our personal relationship, and we have our work relationship.
 they're separate and, i think, some what sophisticated.
so you consider this a relationship?yes, i do.
oh.
 have you been out?yes, we have.
where did you go?the store.
mm! to get what?stuff.
cleaning supplies?and gum.
oh.
 well, there's nothin more sophisticated than diddlin the maid and then chewin some gum.
she's not a maid.
 she might be a news woman!hey.
 well, i just saw madeline off.
 yeah.
 she's in a cab and--nguh nguh nguh--on her way.
 i miss her already.
hey, kramer, what was it you were having faxed to my house every seconds?well, i signed up for a food delivery service, now we're cookin'.
 that's a play on words.
 you know, they're faxing me the menus from some restaurants.
which ones?well, all of them.
 it's the deluxe package.
so this is never gonna stop?well, it better not.
 paid for the whole year.
 so, should i pick those up later?you can pick em up right now.
ah!i wonder if anyone knows he's here.
 if he just disappeared would anybody notice?all right, miss benes, all finished.
 here's your new number.
ahem.
 ? what is this?that's your new area code.
i thought was just for new numbers.
this is a new number.
no, no, no, no.
 it's not a new number.
 it's--it's--it's just a changed number.
 see? it's not different.
 it's the same, just changed.
look, i work for the phone company.
 i've had a lot of experience with semantics, so don't try to lure me into some maze of circular logic.
you know, i could've killed you, and no one would've known.
i could've killed you, and no one would've known.
kramer, you're still on the phone?madeline and i are watching quincy together.
 jerry, you know this comes on at the same time here as it does there?really? it's tuesday here.
 what day is it there?jerry's teasing.
 uh-oh! commercial.
 oh, you going to the bathroom? yeah.
 i'll go, too.
madeline stays here.
hey, t-bone!no.
 no t-bone.
no t-bone?hey, is that t-bone?!no! there's no t-bone!well, why no t-bone?!why no t-bone?'cause neil watkins from accounting is t-bone!oh, yeah i'm back.
 hey, you wanna play cards over the phone?oh, hey, uh, listen, jerry, uh, laundry's pilin up there.
 you might want to tell your girlfriend.
 mmm.
 yeah.
your girlfriend is doin your laundry?he's sleeping with his maid!you're sleepin with the maid?yes.
i've done that.
 did you ever eat an ostrich burger?no.
you're probably one of those women who doesn't like to give out her number.
no, i'm not.
 here you go.
 ?it's a new area code.
what area? new jersey?no, no.
 it's right here in the city.
 it's the same as .
 they just multiplied it by , and then they added one to the middle number.
 it's the same.
do i have to dial a one first?i'm really kinda seein somebody.
yeah? well, so am i!excuse me.
 can i talk to you for a second there, watkins?it's t-bone.
the thing is i'm supposed to be t-bone.
heh heh.
 you're not a t-bone.
 you're a perfect george.
what? now, you listen to me!hey, look at george.
 he's givin it to t-bone.
 he's jumpin up and down like some kind of monkey.
 hey, what was the name of that monkey that could read sign language?all right, you can have t-bone.
 stop crying.
i'm not crying.
 and i shouldn't have said that about your wife.
 please accept my apologies.
ok, everybody, uh i have an announcement to make.
 from now on, i will be known as-koko the monkey.
what?koko! koko! koko! koko! koko! koko! koko! koko! koko! koko!thank you both for being here.
um, excuse me.
 i live in the building.
 did something happen to mrs.
 krantz?she passed.
oh, i'm so sorry.
thank you.
a quick question-- did she by any chance have a phone number?i can't find my earring.
 oh, here it is.
hey, listen, can i borrow your suitcases?yeah.
 it's in your closet.
no, no, no.
 i looked.
they're behind my skis and my tennis racket.
thanks, buddy.
where you goin'?huh? well, i'm gettin out of town.
 i'm gonna visit madeline for the weekend.
 you know, this place is lookin kinda messy.
 what happened to cindy?well, she's here.
 she just didn't get around to it.
oh.
hi, kramer.
thanks, jerry.
 bye.
well, what's the matter?what did i just pay for?uh-oh.
 you're a john.
koko?koko.
well, it's probably the most intelligent ape there is.
yeah.
 so, how's cindy the maid?well, everything's goin great except, basically, i'm payin for sex.
tell me about it.
 i went out with this girl last week.
 first i had to pay for dinner, then--no, george.
 she's coming over and not cleaning.
 it's like i'm seein a prostitute.
how much you pay this maid? .
 ? i'm payin to my maid.
 she doesn't do laundry and i'm gettin nothin'.
 all right.
 once she pinched my ass, but i don't know what that was.
i don't know what this is.
hey, hey, hey.
 look at that.
ooh.
jerry, you wouldn't believe what it's like down there.
 taxicab drivers are insane.
 you know, everybody is in a hurry.
i can't eat with you leanin over like this.
 just look straight forward.
well, now i can't see jerry.
i look about the same.
what?i was talking to him.
what?never mind.
come on.
 what'd he say?never mind.
jerry, come on.
 what'd you say?what?come on.
 where'd you go?go back.
eh! come on.
 what did you say?i said, never mind.
yeah.
 i know that.
 uh, uh.
i hate the counter.
hey.
hey.
i hate the counter.
who's that?well, i got a number from this little old lady in my building-- mrs.
 krantz.
oh, she didn't mind?no.
 she died.
hey, that's great.
what happened to mrs.
 krantz?elaine got a new number because she died.
newman died?what did he say?some new kind of pie.
i'll try a piece.
all right, who's down there?hey, there's a booth.
hey, elaine.
oh, hi.
did you hear about newman?what?hey.
so how's it goin at work? they get tired of it?oh, yeah.
double zero?it's ooh as in ooh ooh ah ah.
'your nickname's koko? one of the girls down at the maid service is named coco.
really? coco?yeah.
 coco.
 that girl's all right.
you know, if i could get this coco woman down to kruger, they wouldn't be able to call me koko anymore because kruger would never allow kokos.
sounds like he runs a real tight ship.
say good-bye to koko.
good-bye, koko.
bye, koko.
 whew! jerry, this relationship is killing me.
 the distance, the longing, the distance, the-- you know, i didn't realize it, but i'm a needy person.
kramer, maybe this relationship isn't for you.
oh, yeah? so what am i supposed to do, be more like you? all sealed up in here, emotionally unavailable, paying scrubwomen for sexual favors! no! jerry, i won't be like you! never! i'll never be like you!what was that?i didn't hear anything.
all right, i'm takin off.
 aren't you forgetting something?oh, right! hey, it was great seeing you again.
 i love your outfit.
no.
 my money.
for what?for my maid services.
 you booked me for today.
but you didn't really do any work.
i made the bed.
but you took a nap in it.
so?i thought that was kind of girlfriend bed making.
no.
 that was the maid.
well, who took the nap?the girlfriend.
$ seems kind of steep for a nap.
so, what are you saying? that i'm a bad maid or some kind of a prostitute?ho, ho ho! hold on.
 let's keep this sophisticated.
you know, i don't think i want to be your girlfriend or your maid.
so is this a breakup/quitting?yeah.
 don't ever call me or hire me again.
oh, yeah? well, then, we're through! and you're fired!sign here.
yes! .
hey, what happened to the guy i had last time?oh, you know, it's an odd thing.
 he went out on a job and never came back.
 nobody knows what happened.
all right! i am back in the game.
hello?gammy!no.
 you got the wrong number, kid.
gammy krantz, it's your grandson bobby.
 why haven't you called?oh nuts.
do you hate me cause of my lazy eye?no.
 it's just that i've been kind of buried over here.
so the kid doesn't know his grandmother is dead? g- ?hit.
 no.
 i guess his parents didn't want to tell him.
 b- ?miss.
he called times yesterday.
 what a nightmare it must be to have a real family.
i wouldn't worry about it.
 b- ?hit.
 uhh you sank my submarine.
elaine hello?you have a collect call from--hey, buddy, don't say no!i accept.
i went down to madeline's.
 i told her, you gotta move, or it's over.
'well, what happened?i think it's over.
 we had a big fight, she threw me out, i started walkin', and now i'm lost downtown! i don't have any money.
 i don't recognize anybody.
 i miss home, and i don't even know how to get there.
what's around you?i'm lookin at ray's pizza.
 you know where that is?is it famous ray's?no.
 it's original ray's.
famous original ray's?it's just original, jerry!well, what street are you on?hey, i'm on first and first.
 how can the same street intersect with itself? i must be at the nexus of the universe.
just wait there.
 i'll pick you up, and, kramer, stay alive no matter what occurs, i will find you!aah!you steinfeld?yeah.
my name is maxwell.
 i'm from maid to order.
 it's a pun.
 i sent one of my girls over to your place.
cindy.
she says she had a little problem with you.
 you didn't pay.
you know, she didn't really do what she was supposed to do.
oh, yeah? she told me what you like.
 you're a little sickie, aren't you? disinfectant on the blinds, vacuuming the counter--hey, come on.
 come on.
 i gotta live around here.
you know what i do to people who stiff me on a job?what?well, it kinda depends on the situation, but if i don't get my money from you, i'm gonna get it from her.
i don't want to make trouble.
 you want the money? here.
hey! wait, wait, wait! whoa! give it to the girl.
 i'm an independent contractor.
 tax purposes.
bobby, you gotta stop calling your gammy.
 why? because sometimes you call very early in the morning when gammy has been out late the night before and sometimes when gammy's not alone.
 your parents still haven't said anything to you about your gammy? m dead now.
 gotta go.
 - - .
nexus of the universe.
 hey, cindy.
 cindy.
what do you want?here.
 i got your money.
i don't want any money from you.
come on.
 take it.
 it's money.
 let me give it to ya.
looking for a good time, sir? you wanna step out of the car, sickie?well, this is all very sophisticated.
all right, hang on, gammy! you're gonna make it!aah!hey, you look a little lost.
 you from around here?uh, no.
you know where you're going?not really.
 my friend was supposed to pick me up, but i don't know where he is.
doesn't sound like much of a friend.
 you got any money?uh, no.
you wanna make some?ok.
do you know how to use a mop wringer?yeah, yeah.
why don't you get in the car?hi.
 ahh these are soft seats.
hey, koko, who's this?this is our new vice-president of acquisitions, sir.
so you're just hiring new people now? that's your job, to hire people?yes?ok, good enough for me, koko.
ahem.
 now, what's your name?my name is coco.
 coco higgins.
coco?we can't have cocos.
 so i guess you're back to being george.
well, it was a hell of a ride.
all right, the grace building.
 there's a big stain on the front.
 how do we get it off?when i was a little girl in jamaica, my gammy taught me to take a wet rag and in a circ--ah, excuse me, vice-president coco, no one cares about your gammy.
what did you say about my gammy?forget gammy.
who's gammy?there's no gammy.
maybe there should be a gammy.
oh, no.
george.
gammy! gammy! gammy! gammy! gammy! gammy! gammy!gammy's gettin upset!man, i'm starving.
how can you be hungry after what you ate at that mets game?because ballpark food doesn't count as real food.
right.
 it's just an activity.
 it's like that paddle with the ball and the rubber band.
you know, my friend bob saccamano made a fortune off of those.
 see he came up with the idea for the rubber band.
 before that, people would just hit the ball, and it would fly away.
i can't believe you all made me leave before the end of the game.
oh, come on, jerry.
 it was to nothing.
 we were getting shellacked.
those nachos are killing me.
i thought you were hungry.
it's complicated.
come on, jerry, you're going to miss the exit.
keep your shirt on.
 i got it.
watch out for that maroon golf.
oh, boy.
look at this guy.
 he's trying to box me out.
i'll tell you when you can go.
 wait, wait, wait, wait-- now, now, now.
 no, no, no.
 go, go! no, no.
 wait-- now, now! now! jerry! go--ahh oh, calm down, maroon golf.
 he thinks i cut him off.
 he accelerated.
you want me to moon him? ooh, let's moon him.
 roll up your window.
 let's do a pressed ham under glass.
oh, no, i couldn't do that.
look at this, look at this.
 he's giving us the finger.
oh, all right.
yeah.
so i saw that new movie about the hindenburg.
oh, yeah.
 what's that called?blimp: the hindenburg story.
how was it?i found it morose.
 why dwell on these negative themes?yeah.
 they should make a movie about all the hindenburg flights that made it.
anyway, right in the middle, the ship blows up-- burning debris, bodies falling-- and then just as this eerie silence settles over the airfield, i yelled out, that's gotta hurt!'heh.
the place went nuts.
imagine the laugh you could have gotten if you'd yelled that out at the actual disaster.
yeah.
why are we slowing down?what is that music?what's with all these flags?oh, no.
it's the puerto rican day parade!ohh! oh, the city shuts down fifth avenue.
 they never let anyone through.
 we're never getting home.
all right.
 i'm gonna check it out.
 aiee.
 mucho trafico.
puerto rican day parade.
]yeah uhh well, the streets are all blocked.
 i think every puerto rican in the world is out here.
well, it is our day.
whoo.
 wrong car.
 sorry.
and the mets score two in the eighth inning.
see? if we had stayed, we could have seen those runs.
i could have had some ice cream.
 i think that might have calmed down the nachos.
i'm going to miss minutes.
 you know, i hate to miss minutes.
 it's part of my sunday weekend wind-down.
i don't know how you can unwind with that clock ticking.
 it makes me anxious.
all right, gentlemen, i scouted it out.
 i think we can get out over there.
but that's a one-way street coming this way.
 besides, how am i gonna get all the way over there?just inch over.
 you worm your way.
just do it, jerry.
 uhh.
 this exhaust.
 i'm gonna throw up.
you know, you should make yourself throw up.
huh?you know you're going to.
all right, i'm worming.
hey, jerry.
 you know who the grand marshal is of this thing? none other than miss chita rivera.
they're not letting me in.
my hand is out.
well, i think we're gonna need more than a hand.
 they have to see a human face.
you sure you want his face?no, no, no.
 it was mar&iacute;a conchita alonso.
this guy's giving me the stare-ahead.
the stare-ahead.
 i hate that.
 i use it all the time.
look at me! i am man! i am you!all right, he's letting you in.
 thank you! creep.
oh! i know who it is.
 stacy keach.
one more lane to go.
all right! we're here!oh, look who's here.
 my old buddy, black saab.
maroon golf.
where you goin', black saab? you seem to be a tad askew.
could you move your car back a little?oh.
 sorry.
 i seem to have cut you off.
all right, i think i know where this is going, and i am going somewhere else.
you can't do that.
 you can't just leave the group.
i've been trying to leave this group for years.
 vaya con dios.
con dios? well, that's rude.
can you believe her?yeah.
 i'll see you later.
where are you going?the movies.
 blimp is playing right there.
you're going to that again? why? just to do that stupid line?it's a performance, jerry.
 like what you do.
that's not what i do.
isn't it?maybe a little.
 ah, hell, i guess it is.
you know, actually, jerry, you haven't worked a room that big in a while.
taxis stuck in traffic].
look at that guy's dog.
 i hate it when their ears get flipped inside out like that.
 why doesn't he fix it?hey! fold your dog's ear back!ooh! this isn't moving! i could walk faster than this.
no, you can't.
yes, i can.
 here.
 i'm outta here.
oh, now it's moving.
 oh, yeah.
 i knew it.
 hey! hey!where to?that's cute.
 that's really cute.
 oh! come on! all right.
 bye again.
hey.
 taxi! taxi!ladies.
 i, uh, i haven't seen this before.
gimme a box of those and one of those.
excuse me, are you the guy with that funny laser?the laser's not funny.
 i'm funny.
yeah.
 the thing is, i, uh i had this little zinger of my own i wanted to try.
uh-huh.
it's right in the explosion scene.
 so if you could just leave me a little window.
 you know, my, uh, my aunt had a thing removed with a laser.
 all right, i don't want to interrupt your meal, so i've gotta see this game.
 if it wasn't for this guy, we could get out of here.
this traffic's a killer, ain't it?you want to get outta here? here's what we do.
 we leave the car here, we take the plates off, we scratch the serial number off the engine block, and we walk away.
walk away?you've got insurance.
 you tell them that the car was stolen, and then you get another one free.
isn't there a deductible?all right, what is your deductible?i don't know.
yes, because they've already deducted it.
from what?the car, which we're leaving.
 so the net is zero.
 see you pocket the money, if there is any, and you get a new car.
we're not leaving the car!all right.
 if you refuse to grow up and scam your insurance company, you'll have to work this out with maroon golf.
absolutely not.
 he sped up.
swung on, line hard toward left center field.
 that's in the gap, that's a base hit.
i'm ready to talk.
that's gotta hurt!it's gotta hurt! hurt! because aaarrrrrgh!damn you, laser guy! you had to grab it all with your lowbrow laser shtick! you're just a prop comic! where's the craft?!ok, here's the deal.
 he wants you to acknowledge that you cut him off with an i am sorry wave.
what's that?you raise the hand, lower the head-- i'm sorry, i'm sorry.
 the buttons are really big on the car.
 i don't understand it.
 i haven't read the manual.
 ooh! you get my drift.
ok!hallelujah.
 praise the lord.
 but i'll take it.
yes! all right, lamar, back it up a little bit so we can get out now.
all right.
 at last, we're finally gettin out of here.
what's that on your forehead?it's probably chocolate.
hey, is that one of those laser pointers?hey, jerry, crank up the floyd.
 it's a george laserium!all right, stop it! stay away from my breasts! chest!see ya around maroon golf.
 and, by the way, that was an i'm not sorry wave.
what was that?i'm glad i cut you off, because black saab rules! so long, jackass!elaine?!jerry?!jackass? so i'm a jackass now?so if everyone would just put their cars in reverse at the same time, we can do this.
 all right, on the count of three.
 can everyone hear me? hey, amigo, are you paying attention?buenos dias, my friend.
not you! the guy in the amigo.
uh, well, uh, here--here is good.
oh, yeah, sure, and now i'm gonna be stuck here.
 but you knew the way to go! you went to college!hey, i went to tufts! that was my safety school! so don't talk to me about hardship.
boy, eh, can you believe this mess?elaine, why did you have the cab come down the street?! we were almost out!so that was your girlfriend that blocked you in.
 that's real good.
i'm not his girlfriend.
 well, actually, we used to date, but not anymore.
elaine, he doesn't need-used to date? so i guess you found out he's a jackass.
'cause that's what's gonna happen.
wow.
 he's givin you a mustache.
 where is this guy?don't look around.
 don't look around.
 that's what he wants.
all right.
 well, i'll see ya.
 hey, george, i think there's a sniper lookin to pop ya.
this thing can't hurt me, can it? i mean, it is a laser.
 what if it hits my eye?i don't know.
i can't be blind, jerry the blind are courageous.
you'll be fine as long as it doesn't hit you right in the pupil, cause then the whole ball will go up like the death star.
 tchoo! i gotta go find a bathroom.
hold it, george.
 don't move.
 it's right between your eyes.
oh, my god.
hey, there's the soda guy.
hey, jackass! get me a diet dr.
 pepper!all right!hey, hey, hey!wha--ow!oh, this is nuts! i can't get across anywhere!well, none of us can! we're trapped!ow!hey! hey, everyone.
 this way.
 i think we can get out through here.
oh, i don't know if that's such a good idea.
look! no one knows how long this parade is gonna last! they are a very festive people.
 all i know is that it's sunday night, and i have got to unwind! now who's with me?!father?none of us saw the nylon flap.
 that might mean something.
oh, all right, all right!all right! come on.
 come on.
 let's go.
 let's go.
but it's dark!get in there!yes, uh, i'm interested in the apartment.
yes! come in, come in.
ok.
i'm christine nyhart.
oh.
 delicious to meet you.
did the broker send you over?uh, yes, most likely, yes.
 i'm, uh, h.
e.
 pennypacker.
 i'm a wealthy industrialist and philanthropist and, uh, a bicyclist.
 and, um, yes, i'm looking for a place where i can settle down with my, uh, peculiar habits, and, uh, the women that i frequent with.
 mmm.
 mombassa, hmm?the asking price is $ .
 million.
oh, i spend that much on after shave.
 yes, i buy and sell men like myself every day.
 now, i assume that there's a waterfall grotto?no.
how about a bathroom?it has .
yes, and where would the absolute nearest one be?just down the hall.
oh, thank you.
oh, don't worry.
 we'll get you home to your husband real soon.
i'm not married.
well, i, for one, really respect that.
oh, thank you.
hey! guess who's not married.
is the boyfriend still in the picture?come on, father, you can make it.
no, i can't.
 i've got a bad hip.
 go on without me.
no! i won't!leave me! you must.
all right.
 take it easy.
all right, we can move faster without father o'gimpy.
i heard that!you know, i don't think i've ever seen a man driving a saab convertible.
 still haven't.
ho ho!what seems to be the problem, officer?they're for protection, jerry.
 can you tell where i'm lookin'?at me?no.
oh.
 it's back.
bring it on, babywhat if it gets in the side?the side?yeah.
 wouldn't it just bounce back and forth between your cornea and the mirror, faster and faster, getting more and more intense, until finally-all right!oh.
 it's in your eye now.
hola, jerry! i'm into this puerto rican day! the sights! the sounds! the hot, spicy flavor of it all! it's caliente, jerry!kramer, the mets have got men on base!yeah, i know! i was watchin the game.
you were watchin'? where?oh, that was a strike! did you see that?!would you like to see the rest of the apartment, mister, um--eh varnsen.
 kel varnsen.
 actually, this room intrigues me.
 why is it called the tv room?well, it's--balk?! how was that a balk?! you have any snacks?mr.
 varnsen, if you like the apartment, i should tell you i've also had some interest from a wealthy industrialist.
not pennypacker!you know him?i wish i didn't.
 brace yourself, madam, for an all-out bidding war.
 but this time, advantage varnsen!wait a second.
 i think i see where that laser guy is.
 no! don't look! don't look.
 oh, yeah, that's him.
 ok.
 i'm gonna sneak up on him.
 now the hunted becomes the hunter.
we should be able to get across right through here!it's a dead end!oh, no! i thought--you thought?! we're gonna die in the dark! i knew it! i knew it! we're gonna die!get a hold of yourself!oh, come on!sorry.
 somebody help us!!mira! !mira! stacy keach!we're down here! help!there's people down there! hold on!let us out.
 there's an unmarried pregnant woman down here.
don't judge me!help us up so we can cross the street?nah, nah, you can't cross here.
 there's a parade.
but we've come so far.
 we just want to unwind.
hey, what can i tell ya?wanna make out some more?oh, god! let us out!that wasn't a laser pen.
no.
 it's just a pen.
oh, that's funnyno.
 you have, like, a dot on your face.
 whoever's doing that is very clever.
come on, man.
 you need to lighten up.
 you know, a feeling like this only happens once a year.
yeah, it's like this every day in puerto rico.
see, now you're getting the spirit of it, huh?ooh! !dios mio!hey! there's a guy burning the puerto rican flag!who! who is burning the flag?!oh, no.
him?!that's not very nice.
it was an accident.
do you know what day this is? because i know what day this is, they know what day this is, so i was wondering if you know what day this is!because it's puerto rican day.
maybe we should stomp you like you stomp the flag! what do you think of that?now look, i just have one thing to say to you boys.
 mama!right this way, mr.
 vandelay.
well, this is a lovely apartment.
 lovely! my kids are gonna go crazy.
 i, uh, i wonder if i could see the bathrooms.
 preferably one with some paint thinner and, uh, some rags?it's down the hall.
oh, hello art.
mr.
 vandelay, of course.
you two know each other?mr.
 pennypacker!uh, yes, uh, i--i wanted to, uh, stop by and make sure that my shark tank fits-- uh, hello.
mr.
 pennypacker, this is mr.
 vandelay, and you know mr.
 varnsenuh, varnsen.
pennypacker.
vandelay.
pennypacker.
 varnsen.
vandelay.
 wait a second.
 mr.
 pennypacker, if you're here, and mr.
 vandelay is also here, then who's watching the factory?the factory?the saab factory?jerry, that's in sweden.
my car!well, you know, it's like this every day in puerto rico.
jerry, the mets lost.
i love a parade!how do you suppose they did that?well there's no logical explanation.
 all right.
 well, shall we go home?well, what about my car?well, jerry, you can't deduct it now.
hey, there's elaine.
hey.
well, you look, uh relaxed.
well, it is sunday night, and you know how i like to unwind.
hey, black saab.
 looks like that building cut you off! ha ha ha! see ya around!well, at least he didn't-jackass!somebody remember where we parked.
this was a fun day.
 it's nice to get out.
do you want some of mine?take some of mine.
why do i get pesto? why do i think i'll like it? i keep trying to like it, like i have to like it.
who said you have to like it?everybody likes pesto.
 you walk into a restaurant, that's all you hear - pesto, pesto, pesto.
i don't like pesto.
where was pesto years ago? hair transplants.
 any time you see a guy that age wearing a baseball cap, ten to one - plugs.
 oh yeah, plugola.
 oh, one more thing about the car.
 let it warm up for a minute.
that's a tough minute.
 it's like waiting in the shower for the conditioner to work.
i don't understand why he couldn't take a cab.
who?elaine is having a houseguest.
 she's picking him up at the airport tonight.
a guy? yes, a guy.
he's from a yakima, right?seattle.
everybody's moving to seattle.
it's the pesto of cities.
 so ? you tell him.
well, from what i can piece together, our friend here met a gentleman.
ed.
who was in town on a business venture, and um  we shared an interpersonal experience.
 go on.
so they went out a few times, but apparently, when the fellow returned home, he discovered that the benes tattoo does not wash off so easily.
on some people.
oooh.
so, he's coming in to stay with her for a week.
it was just gonna be a weekend, but then somehow it became a week.
what happened?oh, the busboy left the menu a little close to the candle.
sorry to the disturbance.
 m never eating here again.
 s in trouble.
did i get him in trouble? because of what i said?! i just told him what happened he didn't do it on purpose he pointed at me.
 why did he point at me?!i said i would never eat here again but, i, i he had to know i was kidding.
 t say anything.
i can't believe it.
 he's going! he's fired!oh, i said it in a kidding way.
i didn't know he'd get fired.
 ll probably kill his family over this.
what if he's waiting for me outside? he pointed at me! did you see him point?! em.
was it my fault?was it my fault? ll try that pesto.
look, i feel bad for him too, but he'll get another job.
 i mean, let's face it, it's not a profession where you embellish your resume and undergo a series of grueling interviews.
 oh, like you really know busboys.
oh, like you do.
hey, at least i was a camp waiter.
 camp.
it was a fat camp.
 those kids depended on me.
elaine? yeah.
busboys are always changing jobs.
 that's the business.
 i know.
 i work with these guys.
 i tallk to them in the kitchen at the comedy clubs.
then why don't you try and get him another job?i'd love to, but i don't know anything about him.
 he could be one of those people that walks around the street pricking people with pins.
i don't know if you people are aware of this, but i am one clever chickadee.
what? did you get the busboy's number?his phone's been disconnected, but i was able to obtain an address - amsterdam avenue, apartment d.
 may i have the car keys, please?how did you get all this?does the word charm mean anything to you?no.
 re going to his apartment? i really think this is nuts.
 t mean to get him in trouble.
you, you're going now?yeah, i want to see if there's anything i can do maybe get him another job maybe i'll hear of something.
maybe the fat camp.
 re not going?i would, but i have to pick up ed at the airport.
i just don't think you should go alone.
 can't you wait till after my set?it'll take to long.
take the k-man.
 a little support  t a take me where? where?look, i really appreciate your coming, but if you wouldn't mind - try not to say too much.
what am i gonna say?i don't know.
well, i'm not an idiot.
certainly not.
then we're cool.
yeah yeah, we're - we're cool.
 t intend for that to happen.
 s a hell of a guy.
this is a guy i know kramer.
&iquest;habla espanol? oh my god.
si.
&iquest;como se dice waterbed? s about it.
you got anything to drink? &iquest;agua?oy uy uy we really should get going.
let me get a glass of water.
 hurry up.
 his cat's gone.
  you know, cats run away all the time.
 you know, my aunt, she had a cat.
 ran away.
 showed up three years later you never know.
 they got things in the lamp.
the wire was sticking out yeah.
 you oughta get that wire fixed.
  s not stalking you.
hey.
 george wants to know when you want to look for the cat again.
it's been a week.
 it's up to the cat now.
 ll be on your conscience.
oh? how do you figure? re the one who left the door open.
why was i in charge of closing the door? cause you came in after him!so! so, the last person in should close the door!let me talk to him.
 ed's downstairs.
 can i have the car keys?no hello?got any asprin? hello.
 now, lookit, you guarantee this car will get me to the airport tomarrow? no problems?guarantee? hey, it's a car.
because if there's even the slightest chance of any problem at all, i don't want to take it - because if i don't get this guy on a plane to seattle and out of my life, i'm gonna kill him, and everyone who tries to stop me.
 so, did you have a nice week together?i heard a little ping in the car last time.
 what was that ping?there's no ping.
 why are you so wacky?jerry, you cannot imagine how much i hate this guy and he hasn't even done anything! it's the situation.
 he's a wonderful guy, but i hate his guts!so, you two been, uh no! i told him i've been having my period for the last five days! i'm sleeping all squished over on the edge of my bed but, i've only got fourteen hours to go.
 nothing can go wrong now.
 i think i've taken care of everything.
 i've confirmed the plane reservation.
 i've checked the weather what's your airport route?i've got it all mapped out - i'm taking the tunnel.
 what about the van wyck?i spoke to a cab driver.
 for five bucks, he turned me on to the rockaway boulevard shortcut.
oooh.
now, lookit, this plane leaves at : .
 we're getting up at about eight.
 that gives us enough time, right?you still using that old alarm clock?oh, no, no.
 i bought a new one today.
 it's got everything - it's got everything if you oversleep more than ten minutes, a hand comes out and slaps you in the face.
flying doesn't make me nervous - driving to the airport can make you very nervous because when you're flying, when you're getting on the plane, if you miss that plane, there's no alternative.
 on the ground, you have options.
 you have buses, you have taxis, you have trains.
 but, when you're taking a flight, if you miss it, that's it.
 no airline goes, well, you missed the flight, we do have a cannon leaving in about ten minutes.
 would you be interested in that? it's not a direct cannon, you have to change cannons after you land.
  ! : ?yes! : ! ll leave tomarrow.
tomarrow?! are you crazy? no, now, now! let's go! you get dressed! get dressed!can i shower?shower?! are you out of your mind?!i gotta shower.
 i'll feel dirty all day.
forget the shower! the shower's out.
 move it! put your clothes on! put your clothes on! where are you going?the kitchen.
the kitchen?!i've got a bag of cashews in there.
they're not making it! let's get your pants on!what's the big deal if we don't make it? i'll just go tomarrow or the next day.
no! you have your ticket! you have to go now!i'll never make it.
don't say that!but it takes forty-five minutes to get there.
 that'll only leave me five minutes to get to the plane.
shut up and pack!and what if i don't make the plane? you'll have already left.
 then what will i do?you're talking too much!where's my sweater?what?!my brown sweater.
what? what sweater?my brown sweater.
you didn't bring a brown sweater.
i brought a brown sweater.
here! here! you want a brown sweater?! you got a brown sweater!that's not mine.
 i can't take your sweater.
it's brown! what are you doing?!no time for folding my shoes.
 you packed my shoes.
shoes? shoes?! shoes?! shoes weren't invented till the fourth century! people walked around for thousands of years without them! s go!anywhere in the city?anywhere in the city - i'll tell you the best public toilet.
okay fifty-fourth and sixth?sperry rand building.
 th floor, morgan apparel.
 mention my name - she'll give you the key.
alright sixty-fifth and tenth.
 are you kidding? lincoln center.
 alice tully hall, the met.
 magnificent facilities.
 t been for that five-car-pile-up on rockaway boulevard, that numbskull would be on a plane for seattle right now instead of looking for a parking space downstairs.
 the busboy's coming! the busboy's coming!the busboy's coming?you don't mean here?yeah.
 i just buzzed him in.
 he's on his way up he's coming up?! ll check you out later.
where are you going?i'm the one he wants! he's coming to settle the score.
 s no point in me getting involved at this stage of the game.
no, he's not going to do anything.
 i guarantee it.
oh, the hell with it.
 let him kill me.
 i antonio.
 in here! s it going?three nights ago, a gas main beneath the restaurant exploded, killing five people in my section, including the busboy who replaced me.
 if i am not fired that night because of you and your thoughtless, stupid, insensitive remarks, it would have been me.
 you saved my life.
  ah, come on  yeah?it's eddie.
he's coming up.
 s coming up and that very same night of the accident, while looking for pequita, i found a job in a restaurant where they pay me almost twice what i was making before - and when i returned to the apartment, pequita, perhaps frightened from the explosion, had miraculously returned.
 well, but now, i must go, for today i am starting my new and wonderful job.
 and i am very late.
 thank you, thank you, thank you all.
 hey, watch were you're going.
 you almost knocked my head off!hey, why don't you watch where you're going, okay? cause you bumped into me!who do you think you're talking to, pal?hey, get your hands off me!go to hell!he'll get another job.
 he's a busboy!it won't for a while.
 at least not until after the cast comes off.
it was that fall down the stairs.
 that's what did it.
that's not how it happened.
 it's when he fell on him with his knee.
oh, that was awful.
 poor antonio.
 thanks.
so, much longer?till when - till he goes back to seattle, or till he can feed himself? s not important.
take care of yourselves.
 i should probably get going too.
 if i don't feed pequita by seven, she goes all over everything take it easy.
yeah how ya doing?first of all, i can't believe that people actually do fight.
 people have fist fights in life.
 i can't really believe that we have boxing either.
 it's really kind of an amazing thing.
 to me, the problem with boxing is - you have two guys having a fight that have no prior argument.
 why don't they have the boxers come into the ring in little cars, drive around a bit, have a little accident? they get out, didn't you see my signal? 'look at that fender! then you'd see a real fight.
 and usually for lunch i'll have a salad, and for dinner, i eat whatever i want.
what do you think the worst part of being blind is?excuse me?you know, if you were blind, what do you think the worst part of it would be?i don't know.
i think it would be not being able to tell if there was bugs in my food.
 how could you ever enjoy a meal like that? i'd constantly be feeling around with my lips and my tongue.
well that's how my five-year old eats.
 he's a very picky eater.
you hear about that kid that was kidnapped the other day in pennsylvania?no.
he was at a carnival with his mother.
 she goes to get a hot dog, next thing you know she turns around, boom, he's gone.
oh.
imagine how sick a person has to be to do something like that.
 s crazy, i could be one of these people.
have you seen any good movies?who takes care of your boy during the day?we have a woman.
 why?no no.
 i'm just saying.
she had references.
oh i'm sure she did, i'm sure they're impeccable.
 i'm talking about the ones that forge `em.
 you know i think this is really helping.
i don't live near here, ya know!so she's giving me the massage and i'm just making conversation.
i don't like to talk during a massage.
neither do i, but i do it for them.
 i figure they're bored.
yeah, i do that too.
 i feel guilty about getting the pleasure.
 i feel like i don't deserve it so i talk.
 it stops me from enjoying it.
 there's nothing to eat in here.
oh! i forgot to tell you--i'm in the middle of a story.
oh, okay, go ahead.
why don't you ever go shopping?well it's not like it's a really funny story or anything.
what happened?well so she mentioned that she had a son, and then for some reason, i launch into the story about the kid from pennsylvania who was abducted.
oh, wasn't that terrible?yes, it was.
not even an apple.
she doesn't want to hear that, that was stupid.
i know it was stupid.
really stupid.
 hey, i just said it was stupid.
what about this leftover chinese food?take it.
i can't believe you said that.
hey, would you stop it already?so, what'd she say?i don't know, she actually seemed to get a little paranoid.
 i have a good masseuse you could go to.
nah, she's really good and she's not just a masseuse, she's a physical therapist.
 there's a big difference.
 she uses the ultrasound, it's a real medical procedure.
 in fact, if you get a doctor's note, it's covered by insurance.
physical therapy is covered by insurance?yeah.
you don't have to pay for the massage?not if you have a doctor's note.
so where do you get this note?well i've never actually done it but if i really wanted to i could probably get one from my friend roy, the dentist.
right, your friend roy.
what's the name of this physical therapist?i'll tell you, but don't ask her anything about her kid, she a little off.
and you don't have to pay.
we have a, three-o'clock appointments.
george and elaine, right?right.
could you fill these out for me please? and um, elaine, you'll be seeing julianna  ok.
 and george, you'll be with raymond.
excuse me, did you say raymond'?yes.
but, uh, raymond is a man.
that's right.
i can't get a massage from a man.
why not?what, are you crazy? i can't have a man touching me.
 switch with me.
no, i don't want the man either.
what's the difference, you're a woman.
 they're supposed to be touching you.
he'd just be touching your back.
he'd just be touching your back too.
no, it could get sexual.
i know.
 that's the point.
 if it's gonna get sexual, it should get sexual with you.
i wouldn't be comfortable.
i would? what if something happens?what could happen?what if it felt good?it's supposed to feel good.
i don't want it to feel good.
then why get the massage?exactly!george?yes?i'm raymond.
 hello.
 are you ready?  and then julianna asked me if i wanted to join her here in the office.
really.
use to be a flight attendant.
oh boy.
ya know, why don't ya, open those pants, it's gonna be a lot easier that way.
so what do you do?what?i said, what do you do?'.
i-i don't know.
you don't know what you do?nah.
ohh-ho, come on.
 hey, you're very tense.
hu, coffee.
 too much coffee .
okay, just take off those pants now, and i'll work the hamstring.
oh, the hamstring's fine.
but you wrote that it was tender.
 i wrote.
 pfft, wrote.
i'll check it out.
 are you sure?yeah, take em off.
 how did you hurt this?i don't know.
you don't know?no.
but you just told me--korea.
you hurt it in korea?what?the hamstring.
korea.
how?hamstring.
how did you hurt the hamstring?hotel.
how'd it go? george?no appointments at all? because my neck is still tight.
 what about thursday? and friday? oh boy.
 okay, thanks anyway.
what's with you?a ah yes, a ?a man gave me yes, a man gave you ?a man gave me a massage.
 hu, hu so?so he had his hands and, uh, he was uh he was what?!he-he was uh touching and rubbing.
 that's a massage.
and then i took my pants off.
you took your pants off?for my hamstring.
oh.
he got about uh, two inches from there.
really?i think it moved.
moved?it may have moved, i don't know.
i'm sure it didn't move.
it moved! it was imperceptible but i-i felt it.
maybe it just wanted to change positions? you know, shift to the other side.
no, no.
 it wasn't a shift, i've shifted, this was a move.
okay, so what if it moved?that's the sign! the test; if a - if a man makes it move.
that's not the test.
 contact is the test, if it moves, as a result of contact.
you think it's contact? it has to be touched?that's what a gym teacher once told me.
hey.
hey.
i just saw joe dimaggio in dinky donuts.
 you know, i-i looked in there and there he was having coffee and a donut.
joe dimaggio? in dinky donuts?yeah.
 joe dimaggio.
no, i'm sorry, if joe dimaggio wants a donut, he goes to a fancy restaurant or a hotel.
 he's not sitting in dinky donuts.
well maybe he likes dinky donuts.
i don't even like to sit next to a man on an airplane cause our knees might touch.
i can't see joe dimaggio sitting at the counter in little tiny filthy smelly dinky donuts.
why can't joe dimaggio have a donut like everyone else?he can have a donut,yeah.
 but not at dinky.
i don't even like to use urinals, always been a stall man.
look i'm tellin-- m telling ya, that was joe dimaggio.
the guy slept with marilyn monroe, he's in dinky donuts.
 what about this doctor's note? let's go see your friend roy.
i never said i'd do that.
what are you talking about, that's seventy-five bucks! i'm not working, i can't afford that.
i don't know how i feel about it.
oh, what are you, like, a quaker now?alright, alright.
a stall man, huh? all right -- wha-ha-a-at?  so we were just kinda wondering if it was possible for you to write us a note, and if you can't, believe me, it's fine.
he didn't say he can't.
i mean, if you feel funny about it, at all.
he doesn't feel funny.
if he does.
do you feel funny? he didn't say anything.
he feels funny.
 you don't have to do this.
he knows that!roy, should we go? is this a breach of our friendship?oh, can you be any more dramatic?don't be ridiculous.
 t he?how would i know?do you like him?what do you mean, like him?do you like him?i mean he's a good fighter and a nice guy but i don't like him.
how come you don't like him?why should i?what is the matter with you?nothing, why? you think something's wrong? am i different?so, you want the notes?you don't have to, really.
nah nah, it's ok.
we should probably get one for elaine, too, right george? george?well what about the week after?no appointments at all? what? can i - can i at least just talk to her so i can apologize? forget it.
 s with you?what?well you were too close to me, i was all scrunched in there.
hey, you scrunched me.
 i sat down here first.
hey, i saw dimaggio in the donut shop again.
uh huh.
yeah.
joe dimaggio?joe dimaggio, you know this time i went in and sat down across from him and i really watched him.
 i studied, his every move.
 for example, he dunks.
joe dimaggio dunks his donut?!that's right.
see, now i know it's not him.
 joe dimaggio could not be a dunker.
oh, he's a dunker.
why couldn't he be a dunker?and nothing diverts his attention.
 like, i'm uh, you know, i-i, like i'm sitting in there, you know.
 and, uh, i start banging on the table, you know, to uh, so that he'll look up, you know, like i'm sitting there you know and uh, .
 no reaction because the guy is so focused, you see, he can just block out anything that's going on around him.
 see, that's how he played baseball.
 he dunks like he hits.
so then what?well, then the waitress, she comes up and she tells me to shut up or they're gonna throw me out.
why didn't you just call out his name?what happened to you?these kids called me a mary.
a what?i was jumping over a puddle, and for some reason i went like this.
 and they called me a mary.
 so i chased them, and i tripped and i fell.
yeah, you know kids, they can be very perceptive.
hey, george? what is this? what is that? no really, what is that?hello? oh, hi roy.
 what? oh my god.
 wel-- how did this happen? what can i do? oh.
 i am so sorry.
 okay.
 bye.
 s under investigation for insurance fraud.
 just a man and not a freak, joltin joe dimaggio.
 joe, joe.
 go, joe i told you.
told me what?i told you we shouldn't do it.
he didn't say anything.
he's got a house, a family, they could take away his license.
 you should have heard him.
 three notes, how stupid was that? we never should have got three notes.
three notes?yeah, you, me and george.
you got me a note?yeah.
but i got my own note.
you what?i got a note from my gynecologist.
why'd you do that?i didn't know you were getting me a note.
of course i was getting you a note.
but you didn't say anything.
 ohhh neither did you, that's how he got caught.
 we sent in four notes from two doctors.
no doctor--wait a--how can you do that to your friend? he's got a wife, kids, and a lot of other stuff.
 oh, yyyeeah.
hi pam.
hello.
hello.
i just thought ahh maybe i could talk to roy, if um pam, did the x-ray from mrs.
 sloan hi.
hi roy.
how ya doing?come on back, i have a patient but she's under.
i don't even know what to say.
me neither.
i knew this would happen.
me too.
i mean the whole thing, it's just tragic.
well it's not tragic.
no?no, it's unsettling?okay.
 i mean, what if the--i hope you're both happy.
 i'm not happy.
me neither.
 i've never been happy.
i mean i'm happy sometimes, but-but not now.
in college, maybe.
 those were fun times.
yeah, college was fun.
yeah.
yeah.
you know the whole practice is in jeopardy, you know that? don't mind her.
oh please, i love her.
i've just met her but i'm very impressed.
i can't understand, i've never had a problem with these notes before.
well what's the next move, what's gonna happen now?well, nothing really, as long as we get the physical therapist to go along with our story.
what? the physical therapist? why?she just has to say the complaint was related to a dental problem.
how ya doing?hi.
 ah look, i know i don't have an appointment but it's really important that i talk with julianna.
i'm sorry, mr.
 seinfeld, she's not in.
yeah, i know she's mad at me, but i really have to speak with her.
i told you, she's not here.
you don't understand, ah look, you have to leave.
wait a second, don't you--hi.
 hi.
 look, i don't know what you think --please!--but, you see, let me just talk to you for a second, see, what i did is inadvertently sent an insurance--i treated you, so please, just get out of the office!can't you just listen to me?run billy! run to the office and close the door! call the police!the police?what is the --.
 hi george.
 hello.
raymond?well, i mean it's only a six month probation, it's a slap on the wrist.
yeah, i still don't see any dinner invitations forthcoming.
men have been popping into my sexual fantasies.
 all of a sudden i'll be, in the middle.
of what?and a guy will appear from out of nowhere.
 i say get out of here! what do you want? you don't belong here!'what do they do?they talk back.
 they go, hey george, how's it going? i say, get the hell out of here!'hey, it's the k-man.
 s time you got a different hobby.
man, ughhhh, wwwheh .
 i just came from roy's.
 i threw up from the gas.
did he say anything?no no, he's fine.
oh my god, it's joe dimaggio.
 where?having a cup of coffee.
and he's dunking!yeah -- yeah.
wow.
 look at him.
 the yankee clipper  yeah.
 here.
you see? now that is a handsome man.
 oh please.
wait, wait hold on now, wait, wait see? i told you.
what causes homophobia? what is it, that makes a heterosexual man, worry? i think it's because, men know, that deep down we have weak sales resistance.
 we're constantly buying shoes that hurt us, pants that don't fit right.
 men think, obviously i can be talked into anything.
 what if i accidentally wander into some sort of homosexual store, thinking it's a shoe store, and the salesman goes, just hold this guy's hand, walk around the store a little bit, see how you feel.
 no obligation, no pressure, just try it.
 would you like to see him in a sandal?''everyone in my family's creative.
 and even though i'm working as an accountant now i'd really like to eventually live exclusively on my pappe-ay mache-ay hatsuh uhwhat if it rains?they're art.
 you hang them on the wall.
it's my creative outlet.
 one of my passions.
any money in it?who so belongs only to his age, references only popenjays and mumbo jumbosof course, right.
thomas carlisle, .
tommy c.
these are the receipts from and i'm going to do .
i'm sorry.
 i thought it was a legitimate charity.
 i didn't know you'd get auditedi don't blame you.
 i blame myself.
no, blame me.
ok, i blame you.
don't blame me.
what was i supposed to do? you knew i was on my first date with elaine.
 you come barging in here asking me to contribute money for a volcano relief fund for krakatoa.
it was supposed to erupt.
i find the whole thing very embarrassing.
you know what my feelings are about this.
 i don't even pay taxes.
yeah, tha's easy when you have no income.
hi,hikramer, do me a favour will ya'.
 if you insist o making pasta in my apartment please don't put the tomato sauce on the pasta while it's in the strainer.
 all the little squares have hardened red sauce in them.
what's so funnykramer dating your room mate.
 it's funny.
uh, it's a riot alice.
when do you pit the sauce on?any other time.
i like to strain the sauce.
and i could really live without the tribal music and the make out sessions in the living roomyeah, tina likes the couch.
what are you doing? what is all this?oh he's uh, helping me sort my receipts.
 i'm being audited.
o, your being auditted? what for?oh, i contributed money to a charity that turned out to be fraudulent.
 it's very boring.
when was this?uh, along long time ago, in a galaxy far far away.
i remember you donated to some volcano thing on our first date.
volcano? really?oh, wait a minute.
 don't tell me that that was something to drink?what did you think, that would impress me?you got it all wrong.
 i was thinking only of the poor krakatoanslike you this donation for bucks and i'd start tearing my clothes off?those brave krakatoans east of java.
 who sacrifice so much for so long.
now you're being audited because of it.
 you see that's karma.
no, that's krama.
so, waddya going to do?it's all taken care of.
how is that? an old friend of mine, whom you may have met, george costanza, has recently become intimate with a female accountant who was formally a highly placed official with an outfit known as the irs.
 and as we speak, at this very moment he is handing over to her all of my pertinent tax information.
 and she has assured us that the matter is well within her field of expertise.
why is she doing this?i don't know.
 it must be love.
i don't think we should see each other anymore.
 you're great but i'm i'm riddled with personal problems.
what did i do?nothing it's not you.
 it's me.
 i have a fear of commitment.
 i don't know how to love.
you hate my earrings don't you?no, no,and you didn't comment on the chop sticks.
i love the chop sticks.
 i, i personally prefer a fork but they look very nice.
you're not telling me the truth.
 i must have done something.
i have a fear of intimacydon't give me cliches.
 i have a right to know.
 what did i do wrong?nothing.
 it's not you i want the truth.
the truth.
 you want the truth? it is your earrings it is the chopsticks but it's so much more.
 you're pretentious.
 you call everyone by their full name you call my doorman, sammy, samuel but you didn't even say samuel you went sam - u- el papie-eh mach-eh what is papie-ay mach-ay?keep goin'.
i, i think i made my point.
 i'm sorry if i was a little harsh.
no, i asked for the truth.
 thank you for being so honest.
can i uh, can i walk you back to work?i prefer to go alone.
 how much do i owe?oh, please four dollars is f  if this audit had happened to me and i didn't have this woman to help me i would have killed this man.
 i would have strangled the life out of him with my bare handsi don't blame ya'have you ever been through an audit?no.
it's hell.
 it's the financial equivalent of a complete rectal examination.
 i would have killed this man.
 torn him limb from limb, ripped the flesh right off his bones yeahgeorgecome up - ah, there he is, the man himself, george louis costanza.
 here i am about to go to the electric chair and my oldest friend is dating the governormy whole life has been a complete waste of time, and there's so much more to go.
now i know what i am supposed to do.
 it's so simple.
 tell the truth that's all.
 just tell the truthso what happened? you gave her my tax papers? my papers?oh, oh, your paperswhat happened you didn't give her the papers?no.
 i did.
so? i broke up with her.
you what?i broke up with her.
i'm being audited! and you broke up with her?it's ok.
 it's fine.
 she'll do it.
 i'm sure she'll still do it.
why will she still do it? she hates you now.
 people don't do you favors after you dump them.
oh, no.
 we left on good terms.
how is that possible?because i uh, i told her the truth.
oh, my god.
it's ok.
it's unheard of she asked me to.
so you lie! what did you tell her?i told her that she was pretentious.
pretentious!? the woman has my tax papers.
 you told her she was pretentious? the irs.
 they're like the mafia.
 they can take anything they wanthow would you like it if someone told you the truth?like what? what could they say?there are plenty of things to say.
like what? i'm bald? what is it specifically? is, is there an odor i'm not aware of?george, please.
give me one.
you sure?yes.
what?forget it.
 you are very careful with money.
i'm cheap? you think i'm cheap? how could you say that to me? i can't believe this.
 how could you say that to me?you asked me to.
you should have lied.
huh, so should you.
ok, wait a second, wait a second, what happened to my papers?i know.
when i was working i spent baby.
yeah, i know champagne, limos, cigars.
 what happened to the papers?she put them in her pocketbook.
 i guess she took them with her.
pocketbook or a handbag?is that relevant? she took them.
 call her office.
give me the phone.
 what? what?she never came back from lunch.
this is no good.
 this is no good.
 call her house.
 she hung up.
not good.
all right.
 there's nothing to be worried about.
 she's just a little annoyed right now.
 tomorrow i'll personally go over there.
 i'll apologize.
 i'll get the papers.
 don't worry.
 don't worry.
 not goodyeah, it's a windshield.
i can see that.
 what's it for?i found it on the road.
yeah  i just finished working out are you busy?come on up.
can you believe somebody threw this out? you know i'm going to make a coffee table out of this and surprise tina.
wouldn't it be invisible? i mean, what, are you going to just sense it's in front of the couch?wowhell-oohell-oowhat's with you two?you haven't told him?tell me what?huh, go ahead, tell him.
i, i saw her naked.
he saw me naked.
 kramer, saw me naked.
well, you know, it was an accident.
who walks into a woman's bedroom without knocking.
 i want to know!i thought it was a closet.
completely naked?completely naked.
jerrryyy, how can i go on?all right.
 i'll tell you what.
 if it's going to make you feel any better you can see me naked.
no thanks!no, i want you to see me naked.
no, no no.
no, i want to show you.
no! jerry! jerry!ok, just a second lets not lose our heads here.
 kramer you know you are always welcome in my home but as far as mr.
 johnson is concerned, that's another story.
what is this?well, it's a windshield.
 it's going to be your new coffee table.
ah, i'm going to kill myself on that thiing.
 you can't even see it.
you'll sense it.
well, what happened? was she there?no, no she wasn't.
you didn't get my papers?no, i didn't.
well, where is she?a mental institution.
why is it so difficult, uncomfortable, to be naked.
 it's because when you have clothes on you can always kinda make those little adjustments which people like to do you feel like you're getting it together, yeah, yeah pretty good i think that would really help a lot.
a mental institution?you know what they do in there? did you see coocoo's nest? they put those electrodes in your head.
it's not really a mental institution.
 it's more like a depression clinic.
 she went out to woodhaven and checked herself in.
 i'm, i'm sick over this.
who told you this:her roommate.
 i've driven women to lesbianism before but never to a mental institution.
my friend bob sacamano had shock treatments.
 but his synapses were so large, it had no effect.
you know i hate to raise a crass financial concern but was there any information as to the where abouts of my papers!she put them in her pocket book.
 she probably took them out there with her.
so what now?i don't know.
can we go out there?where?woodhaven.
we could.
i'm very nervous about this.
 i've never spoken to a mental patient before.
my cousin douglas was in a place like this one time .
 he came over to my house for dinner.
 there was no soda and he went bezerk.
 he was screamin 'where's the pepsi, where's the pepsi?'i should be in a place like this.
 i envy this woman.
 ya get to wear slippers all day.
 friends visit.
 they pity you.
 pity is very underrated.
 i like it it's good.
 plus they give you those word association tests.
 i love those.
that'd be great.
 there's no wrong answer.
potatotuberculosisblanketleroygrasstuberculosisoh, boy.
 here she comes.
oh, my god.
kramer!hey.
will you please put something on.
listen uh, you want some leftovers? i made some african food.
 there's, yambalas and uh, sambusa.
kramer, are you coming back to bed?yeah, yeah, i'll be right there baby.
oh, hi elaine.
 what did you think of the coffee table?it's invisible.
so, is everything cool? or what?yeah, um, you seem little bit dysfunctional.
well,come on elaine.
 just tell us the truth.
the truth!, you want the truth?who are you?oh, this is my friend jerry.
why are you talking like that? and what do you want?want, want? what could i possibly want? uh, i just came because i, i heard so many nice things about you from george.
george thinks i'm pretentious.
pretentious? who, who isn't pretentious? ha, ha, if everyone who was pretentious was in a mental institution, uh, obviously this isn't a mental institution.
you're just trying to take it all back because you're feeling guilty i'm in here.
no, that's not it at all.
don't lie george.
uh, we're cool.
 everything's cool just chatting.
 friendly.
all righty, no reason for us to uh, raise our voices.
i know what you said.
 you can't change that.
what i said? i say stupid things all the time i can't go two minutes without saying stupid things.
it's one stupid thing after another.
 so let me ask you, when you come to one of these places, what do you bring your pocketbook?you should be the one criticizing me.
 i, i'm lucky to even know someone like you.
you mean that?of course i mean that.
 i am incapable of guile.
he's never guiled.
 you know some women keep a lot of important papers in their, uh, pocket books.
 like for example oh, someone else's personal financial papers.
papers? oh, jerry, you're the jerome with the tax problem.
 you know after that day with george i got so cuckoo i threw out all your papers.
 so i'd love to help you but i'll need the copies.
there are no copies.
so are you saying you want to continue seeing me?who makes copies?the truth is i think you make a very nice couple.
oh,kramer,here kramer?no, lets go to the couch  ll come bye ok, bye.
anybody want to take a walk down to th street? i think i may have tracked down another receipt.
i can't.
 i have to go visit tina in the hospital.
george?i'm going to a poetry reading with patrice: first time poets, in a burnt out building, down by the docks, supposed to be good.
hey, are you going to the hospital now?yeah, i suppose i am.
all right, great, great uh, we'll share a cab.
you're going by th st.
 you can give me a ride.
hey, i'm getting in on that.
you know you're chippin in.
you're going that way anyway!i was audited last year.
 at first i thought well, irs kinda sounds like toys r us maybe won't be so bad.
 maybe they have a sense of fun about it, you know.
 but it's it's bad.
 it's an ordeal.
 and they don't do anything to keep your spirits up through the ordeal.
 i think they should take all your receipts and put them in one of those big lucite sweepstake drums and just kinda crank it around there.
 you know give me a feeling like you might win something.
 you know what i mean? then they can pull them out one by one and go oh, i'm sorry that's another illegal deduction.
 but we do have some lovely parting gifts for you.
 jail!' .
 call the airlines again.
 what happened to the scotch tape? who takes the scotch tape? nobody returns anything around here.
oh i think that's them!you what i'll do next time? i'll hide it so nobody can find it.
hi, welcome, greetings, hugs, etc.
welcome to florida!hi mr.
 seinfeld! hey, there's the old man! so, what took you so long?ahh, we waited minutes in the rent-a-car place.
i don't know why you had to rent a car.
 we would have picked you up.
what's the difference?you could have used our car.
i don't wanna use your car.
what's wrong with our car?nothing.
 it's a fine car.
 what if you wanna use it?we don't use it.
what are you talking? we use it.
if you were using it, we wouldn't use it.
so what would you do? you'd hitch?how much is a rent-a-car?i don't know.
 bucks a day.
what? you're crazy.
plus the insurance.
oh, i didn't get the insurance.
how could you not get the insurance?we'll pay for the car.
you're not paying for it.
morty.
 god it's so hot in here.
 why don't you put on the air conditioning?you don't need the air conditioner.
 so, you have your speech all ready?it's not a speech.
 do i have to make a speech?of course, they're giving a testimonial for your father.
 you could do your comic routines.
 oh yeah, that will go over real well with that crowd.
 ooh, you have a lake?the lake isn't real.
the lake is real.
are you kidding? they built the lake.
but it's real.
 it's water.
where are you going with those?i'm gonna put elaine's stuff in here.
don't sleep in there.
 you can you use the bedroom.
i can't take your bedroom.
i'm up at o'clock in the morning.
i can't kick you out of your bed.
we don't even sleep.
ma.
but this is sofa bed, you'll be uncomfortable.
 what about you?why should i be comfortable? what about him?don't worry, he's comfortable.
i'll sleep standing up.
 i'll be fine.
will you stop?yeah, i'll just stay in here.
 jerry, t have to stay on the couch on my account.
 the two of you could stay in there together.
na, that's not such a good idea.
well i tought that not now.
 she's right inside.
 what happened?i don't know.
 we decided we don't really work as a couple.
what does that mean?well  why are you whispering?shh! nothing, nothing.
elaine  what about her? t seem to be friends when we sleep together.
 ve got plenty of friends.
he's an idealist.
what the hell are you looking for?i'm looking.
 that's the point.
 i like looking.
he likes looking.
so look.
but how long can you look?i'm going for the record.
you know your father wouldn't say so but he's really glad you came.
oh, come on.
this is a big thing for him.
 outgoing president of the condo association.
aha!so they arrived safely.
 you remember jack and doris?nice to see you.
 this is elaine.
hi.
 nice to meet you.
so jerry, you came all the way down here for this?and scuba diving.
scuba diving? who's going scuba diving?we're going scuba diving.
 we'll be back in time.
what do you have to go scuba diving for?for fun.
for fun?jack have some spong cake.
no.
 thanks, no.
jack is emceeing tomorrow.
 he's in charge of the whole thing.
so jerry, your mother told me you're gonna do one your little comedy skits tomorrow?i don't think so.
no? listen morty you wanna settle up for last night? .
what did you have? you had the minute steak?yeah.
did you have a coke or what?i did not have a coke.
somebody had a coke.
oh i had a coke.
and i had the scampi.
so that's .
 $ and the tax and the tip.
all right.
 make it bucks.
it's: .
 $, morty.
  .
 $ ?see? you know your father.
 he can't get a write to the penny, but that's why he was such a good president.
what kind of pen is that?this pen?yeah.
this is an astronaut pen.
 it writes upside down.
 they use this in space.
wow! that's the astronaut pen.
 i heard about that.
 where did you get it?oh it was a gift.
cause sometimes i write in bed and i have to turn and lean on my elbow to make the pen work.
take the pen.
oh no.
go ahead.
i couldn'tcome on, take the pen!i can't take it.
do me a personal favor!no, i'm not take the pen!i cannot take it!take the pen!are you sure?positive! take the pen!o.
k.
 thank you very much.
 thank you.
 gee, boy!jack, what are you doing?stop it!jack, we should go.
 it was nice meeting you.
mmm, nice to meet you.
thanks again.
come on!  what did you take his pen for?what he gave it to me.
you didn't have to take it.
oh my god! she's gotta make a big deal out of everything.
he offered it to me.
because you made such a big fuss about it.
i liked it.
 should i have said i didn't like it?you shouldn't have said anything.
 what did you expect him to do? he could have said: thank you, i like it too and put it back in his pocket.
he loves that pen.
oh come on!he talks about it all the time.
 every time he takes it out he goes on and on about how it writes upside down, how the astronauts use it.
if he likes it so much, he never should have offered it.
he didn't think you'd accpet.
well, he was wrong.
i know his wife.
 she has some mouth on her.
 she'll tell everyone in the condo now that you made him give you the pen.
 they're talking about it right now.
 so you want me to return it?yes.
he's not gonna return the pen.
 that's ridiculous.
hey i don't even want the pen now!jack can afford to give away a pen with all his money.
 believe me.
 he gives me a check for .
 .
 he didn't have a coke.
 ho, ho, ho!here, let me see it.
 hey, it writes upside down.
come in.
are you o.
k.
 in here?why is it so hot in here? how can they sleep like this?it's only for three days.
 today's over and we have tommorow.
 we leave on sunday.
 it's one day, really.
oh man.
 what is with this bar? it's right in my back.
 it's killing me.
oh you wanna switch? i'm sleeping on a love seat.
 i've got my feet up in the air like i'm in a space capsule.
i am never gonna fall asleep.
oh, no don't say that.
 you'll jinx me.
how can they not put the air conditioning on?they're nuts with temperature.
this bar is right in my back! it's making a dent.
how about that guy writing a check for .
 ?i'm sweating here.
 i'm in bed, sweating.
it's one day.
 half a day, really.
 i mean you substract showers and meals, it's like twenty minutes.
 it will go by like that.
 stay on south to biscayne boulevard.
 then you make a left turn.
 put you blinker on immediatly, there's an abutment there.
 then you're gonna merge over very quickly, but stay on biscayne.
 don't get off biscayne.
 you understand me?stay on biscayne.
you're going underwater?yes.
 generally that's where scuba diving is done.
what do you have to go underwater for? what's down there that's so special?what's so special up here?oh!what's the matter?my back.
what happened?that that bed.
 the bar was right in my back.
 i told you to let us sleep in there.
then you would be hunched over.
i don't even know if i can go scuba diving.
you can't go?so stay home.
you can go.
without you? that's the whole reason you came down here.
don't go.
you sure?maybe you should see a doctor.
we'll stay in a hotel tonight.
 yes!no, we'll stay in there.
why don't you get a new sofa?nobody uses it.
i'm buying you a new sofa.
oh jerry, don't talk crazy.
mrs seinfeld, please.
 i am begging you.
 put the air conditioner on.
you're hot?i've lost pounds.
i don't even know how to work it.
i keep telling her it's like an oven in here.
is everybody up?hi.
 how are you?hello jerry.
evelyn, this is elaine.
 hi evelyn.
jerry you got thin.
too thin?oh stop worrying so much about how you look.
so where's the new pen?  what?the pen.
 the one jack klompus gave you.
how did you know that?blanche told me.
blanche?that's some good pen.
 it writes upside down.
the astronauts use them.
what did blanche say?i don't know.
 she said jerry wanted the pen.
i never really wanted the pen.
he gave him the pen.
morty.
why you don't like the pen?no, no, i cause if you don't like it, give it back to him.
is that what she said?who?blanche.
what are you talking about?hello? oh hello gussy.
 what? jerry wouldn't do that.
 jack gave it to him.
 all he said was he liked it.
 i mean nobody put a gun to his head.
 somebody please-- the air conditioner! oh! i forgot all about it.
all i said was i like the pen'.
how the hell do you work this thing?maybe you shouldn't go tonight.
no no, i wanna go.
but your back hurts.
maybe a couple of muscle relaxers would help.
oh, oh, o.
k.
 you can turn down the air conditioning if you want.
no.
 i'm fine.
you're not too cold?no.
don't be alarmed.
oh my god! what the hell happened to you?i'm o.
k.
 my capillaries burst.
your capillaries? do you know what you look like? how are you doing?having a good time!is it my imagination or is it freezing in here?what happened to your eyes?well i started to go under with the instructor?yeah, and i got about ten feet down and i felt this tremendous pressure on my mask.
 like my eyeballs were being sucked out of their sockets.
i told you excuse me.
 s she doing? yoga?my back hurts.
morty you gotta hurry up.
 get ready.
we got plenty of time.
 what happened to you?i got in a fist fight with one of the ladies at the pool.
it's from scuba diving.
what's there to see underwater?listen m.
 klompus, it was really a nice gesture of you to give me the pen, but i don't really need it.
you what?i mean it's a terrific pen, but i think you should keep it.
 well i mean take it.
all right! you know jack, you've got a hell of a nerve taking that kid's pen.
whose pen?his pen.
this happens to be my pen.
you didn't give it to him.
what are you talking about? he pratically begged me for it.
where do you come off with this crap?listen, do you think i take everything everybody offers me? you offered me sponge cake yesterday.
 did i take it?you said you didn't want it!of course i wanted it! i love sponge cake!then who the hell said you couldn't have any? i mean what the hell do i care whether you have sponge cake?because i saw the look on your face last week when i took the scotch tape!ahh! ahh! so you got the scotch tape! i've been looking all over for it!don't worry about it! i'll give it back!i don't want it!i don't want it!you know jack, do me a favor will you? take the pen and the scotch tape, and get the hell out of here!listen do you think i give a damn?aah! s it for them.
what is going on in this community! are you people aware of what's happening? what is driving you to this behavior? is it the humudity? is it the muzak? is it the white shoes?i have no use for either one of them.
 i don't even want them there tonight.
 isn't he supposed to be the emcee?yeah, he's supposed to be the emcee.
well.
 this should be a very interesting evening.
 uh what about those muscle relaxers?say astronaut.
say what? say what? you took too many of those pills.
astronaut?say it.
astronaut! astro naut!good.
 o.
k.
 what about last year when i took him to the hospital every day? did he ever say thank you?oh god.
  uncle leo.
hello!morty are you nervous?what nervous? s with the sunglasses? who are you? van johnson?i've got a black eye.
 hello.
oh uh, elaine, this is my aunt stella.
 stella! stella! her back hurts.
humm we saw you on the tonight show last week.
i thought johnny was very rude to you.
 he didn't even let you talk.
no, no.
you need some new material.
 i've heard you do that dog routine three times already.
 stella! stella!listen, you should get your cousin jeffrey to write some material for you.
what are you talking? jeffrey works for the parks department!you should read the letters he's written.
 he's funnier than the whole bunch of you! s jack.
 we should sit down.
 for this.
 i hate her like poison.
 a man who slept more hours on the job than ronald reagan.
 being president of the condo is not easy.
 it requires hard work, dedication, and commitment, and unfortunately he possesses none of these qualities.
  s joking.
his administration did excel in one department: the hiring of incompetents.
 s what you say.
but we do owe him a debt of gratitude because by not fixing the crack in the sidewalk, he put mrs ziven out of commission for a few weeks.
  dad! he gave my son a pen, and then he takes it back.
 tell them about that!he gave it to me!come on.
 that's enough, sit down!i'm not sitting down!ow! you broke my dental plate! jerry, do your act.
 s even listening.
they're all gonna leave.
 who are you? have you ever noticed how they always give you the peanuts on the planes? not my harry.
 he flies first class.
who ever thought the first thing somebody wants on a plane is a peanut?i'd rather have a bottle of scotch! do the dog routine.
all i said was i liked the pen! stella!you could aggravate it.
 i wouldn't go anywhere for at least five days.
five days? you want me to stay here for five more days?there must be some mistake.
i'm afraid not.
 five days.
 here.
 so we have you for five more days! s really no point in me staying.
 i mean you just gonna be excuse me?nothing.
good morning.
hi evelyn.
 has morty decided on a lawyer yet?i don't think so.
because my nephew larry could do it.
 he's a brilliant lawyer.
 he says jack has no case.
well i'll ask him when he gets up.
oh, and i spoke to arnold.
 and he says that according to the bylaws of the condo constitution, they need six votes to throw you out for unruly behavior.
 not five.
 doctor chernov is the one you'll have to suck up to.
aw! aw! oh my back! oh my back! it's that bar.
 who the hell could sleep on that thing?i was very comfortable.
morty, arnold says they need six votes to throw you out.
it's in the constitution.
 who are you?i'm a chiropractor.
what are you kidding me? five more days?well today's almost over.
 and weekdays always go by fast.
 friday we're leaving.
 it's like two days really.
 it's like a cup of coffee.
 it will go by like that.
 is florida not hot and muggy enough for these people? they love heat.
 i mean if they ever decide to land men on the sun, i think these old retired guys would be the only ones that will be able to handle it.
 they'll just sit there on the sun, on the redwood benches, washcloth on the head going: close the door, you're letting all the heat off the sun.
 i'm trying to get a sweat going.
'so i'm on the plane, we left late.
 pilot says we're going to be making up some time in the air.
 i thought, well isn't that interesting.
 we'll just make up time.
 that's why you have to reset your watch when you land.
 of course, when they say they're making up time, obviously they're increasing the speed of the aircraft.
 now, my question is if you can go faster, why don't you just go as fast as you can all the time? c'mon, there's no cops up here, nail it.
 give it some gas! we're flying!travelling, of course, is the best education.
 do you know last year i was in over forty, forty-five countries, and i would have gone to more but i had just got a puppy, and he was too young to take with me.
 but now i won't travel without him.
is he on the plane now?oh yes.
 yes, he's in the, he's in the baggage compartment.
 i don't know why they won't let him sit up here with me.
 he's a lot better behaved than most of the dregs you find onboard here.
 do you, do you have any pets?uh, just my next door neighbor.
you're missing out on a relationship that could enrich your life in ways that you never could have thought possible.
howbout picking up their, you know.
 you find that enriching?what's the matter?oh, i'm feeling a bit queasy.
my dog.
 what about my dog?jerry?huh? how you feeling?would you take care of farfel?farfel?the dog? the dog??i'm sure it's only for a day or two.
but, you know, what if, you know?give me your address and phone number, i'll call you.
the dog?let go, farfel! let go, gimme that! gimme the sneaker you stupid idiot! shut up! so what would you do?well it's only been three days, i'm sure he's gonna call.
stop it! shut uuuuuup!!! s got rabies.
 i can get lockjaw.
if only.
look at this place.
 he's going everywhere, i can't go out of the house at night.
 i haven't performed in three days.
 this'll be my first night out of the house since i got back.
hey, when you walk him, do ya do i what?do you pick it up?yes, i pick it up.
you pick it up?!?well you have to.
oh, boy would i love to see that.
shut up!! shut up farfel, stop it! t know what to do.
 i mean what if i take it to the pound then the guy shows up?maybe you should call the airline, they might know where he is.
no, i tried.
 they don't know anything.
 you gotta put the syrup in first.
no, milk.
i'm telling you the guy's a drunk, he's probably on a bender.
what is a bender anyhow?i don't know, they drink and they bend things at the bar.
i can't believe he hasn't called.
two hundred seats on a plane, i gotta wind up next to yukon jack and his dog cujo.
 shut up! one more day and you are pound bound!sorry, i can't watch the dog tonight.
why?we're going to the movies, we're gonna see prognosis negative.
i can't, i gotta get this ellen out of my life.
you're breaking up?oh ho ho ho yeah, the sooner the better.
 i can't wait to do it.
 you know how there's some people you worry about whether you're going to hurt their feelings? with her, i'm looking forward to it.
 i'd like to get it on video, watch it in slow motion and freeze frame it.
 oh ho, yeah.
kramer, i don't know how you lasted as long as you did.
woah, you didn't like her?if you could see her personality it would be like one of the elephant man exhibits, you know where they pull off the sheet and everyone gasps.
i can't believe someone hasn't killed her yet.
how come you never said anything?well you can't tell someone how you feel about their girlfriend until after they stop seeing them.
i tell you.
you.
 i'm talking about people.
are we still going to the movies tonight?no, i can't i gotta watch farfel, you and george can go without me.
just me and george?sure.
but we need you.
what do you need me for?because yeah?prognosis negative! because i relate to george through you, we're like friends-in-law.
 besides, you said we were gonna see prognosis negative together.
 can't you just put some newspapers down or something?no, i can't trust him, he gets insane.
 i won't enjoy myself.
 that's right, farfel, i'm talking about you!just me and george alone?let's go, people, let's go! it's prognosis negative time, wa ha ha ha!!!i can't go.
can't go, why not?because i have to watch idiot farfel.
i thought kramer was watching.
he's breaking up with his girlfriend tonight.
well so what's the problem, you just put some newspaper down.
no, i don't want that smell in the house.
you spritz a little lysol on it.
no, it's like bo and cologne, they combine forces into some kind of strange mutant funk.
so we're not going?nah.
 you two go.
oh.
 you still wanna go?do, do you?if you want.
it,s, it's up to you.
go ahead.
well, it's, i really wanted to see prognosis negative with jerry, uh, you wanna see ponce de leon?ponce de leon? okay.
 t wanna go?i want to but i can't.
oh! i tell you what.
 how about if i come back here first and i clean everything up and i open up the windows and if you're still not satisfied we can switch apartments for the night.
no.
what about this--forget it.
 go ahead, you'll have a good time.
i know, it's not that.
it's just we want you to go.
well, thank you very much.
 i'm telling you, one more day stinkbreath!on my block, a lot of ah, people walk their dogs, and i always see them walking along with their little poop bags, which to me is just the lowest function of human life.
 if aliens are watching this through telescopes, they're gonna think the dogs are the leaders.
 if you see two life forms, one of them's making a poop, the other one's carrying it for him, who would you assume was in charge?so how long did you live there?about three years.
that's pretty long.
hmm.
it's not that long, really.
yeah.
and then you came here.
yeah.
 so i've been here about six years.
eighty-six, eighty-seven, eighty-eight, eighty-nine, ninety, ninety-one yup.
bad dog! bad dog! you go outside! outside!! what do you want from me? tell me! money, you want money? i'll give you money, how much?!i must have been out of my mind.
 look at you.
 why don't you do something with your life? sit around here all day, you contribute nothing to society.
 you're just taking up space.
 how could i be with someone like you? wouldn't respect myself.
i like herbal tea.
chamomile's good.
 lemon lift.
 almond pleasure.
jerry likes morning thunder.
jerry drinks morning thunder?yeah.
morning thunder has caffeine in it, jerry doesn't drink caffeine.
jerry doesn't know morning thunder has caffeine in it.
you don't tell him?no.
 and you should see him, man, he gets all hyper, he doesn't even know why, he loves it! he walks around, going, god, i feel great!'you don't tell him?no.
that is so funny!i know!wait, have you ever seen him throw up?!please! please!! i take it all back, everything! i take it all back, every word! i love you! i love ! i can't live without you, i,ll, i'll do anything!that's right, gavin palone.
 what? are you sure? he was released on monday? monday? did he leave a phone number or address? unbelievable.
 well thank you, thanks, thanks very much.
 re checking out!it was weird because george and i get along so great in so many situations but this is the first time we ever really went one-on-one.
oh, one-on-one's a whole different game.
 can't pass off.
the only time it wasn't uncomfortable was when we were making fun of you.
going to the dog pound, everybody! going to the dog pound, come on down.
 what?do you have to?what am i supposed to do? i don't want to do it.
 i like dogs.
 i'm not sure this is a dog.
you know, the guy might have just lost your number.
i'm in the book and i have a machine.
jerry, do you know what they do to dogs at the pound? they keep them there for a week and then if nobody claims them, they kill them.
really? how late are they open?what?what is it?i went back with ellen.
ohhhhh, that's great.
terrific.
yeah, i really think you guys are good together.
yes, she understands you and she is not demanding.
do you think that i forgot what you two said about her?well i was just trying to be supportive, you know.
 i knew you were upset.
from now on when we pass each other in the hall, i don't know you, you don't know me.
oh, kramer, we didn't mean it.
what are you doing?i'm getting my pot.
kramer, we like her.
kramer? what did we say that's so bad?i believe i referred to her personality as a potential science exhibit.
i said, how come no one's killed her? probably shouldn't have said anything,well.
well.
everyone knows the first break-up never takes.
 yeah?prognosis negative! okay, farfel, put your shoes on.
jerry, can't you just give it one more day, it's not his fault.
it's not my dog, i don't know where this boozehound is.
alright, i tell you what.
 how about if you and george go to the movies, and i stay here and watch the dog tonight.
i can't let you do that, what about prognosis negative?we'll see it sunday.
tonight's the night, right? prognosis negative?i'm not going, i'm gonna watch the dog.
what does this mean?well, we'll go see something else tonight.
 we'll see, uh, ponce de leon.
what is with this dog, i thought we were taking it to the pound.
she talked me into one more day.
 talk amongst yourselves, i'm gonna go to the bathroom.
uh jerry, how long will you be in there?i don't know, regular human time?uh why don't you wait then go in the movies?why shouldn't i go here?well, you know, i mean, sometimes it's good to get there and make sure you get your seats and then go to the bathroom.
and isn't it more fun using the urinal?yeah.
oh yeah, urinals are fun.
 can i go?!hey, go.
who's stopping you?what, are you doing me a favor?like we care if you go to the bathroom.
how's it going?good.
 good.
 you?things are good.
boy, he takes such a long time.
i know.
you know what he does in there? he gargles.
jerry gargles? is that why he takes so long?yeah, he does it like six times a day.
how come we never hear him?because he does it quiet.
 he does it quiet.
 lookit, just like this, watch.
wait, wait, did you ever see him throw up?!we talked about that already.
oh.
i have nothing to say to anybody.
 i'm so uninteresting.
 i think i'm out of conversation.
so what are calling me six times a day?all i know about is sports.
 that's it.
 no matter how depressed i get, i could always read the sports section.
i could read the sports section if my hair was on fire.
know what? ponce de leon is sold out.
it is? oh yeah, you're right.
 what else is playing?nothing except prognosis negative.
boy, i know she really wants to see that with me.
gimme the jacket, furface, this is not seinfeld you're dealing with! when i get through with you, you'll be begging to go to the pound!shut up.
 shut up! s calling? oh my god, the dog guy.
 where have been? yeah, well you better pick up your dog tonight or he has humped his last leg.
i mean, i could understand if there was something else playing, but it's this or nothing.
i don't know what to do.
what is this saving movies thing? something's playing, you go.
i know, i know.
so, what? we're gonna do nothing now, this is crazy.
it is kind of silly.
of course it is.
i mean, it's just a movie, for god's sake.
exactly.
it's not like she's the movie.
right.
am i supposed to ruin the whole night because she wants to see it? i mean, if i could have seen it with her, fine.
 but i can't control all these circumstances and schedules and peoples availabilities at movies.
and she'll still see it, you're not stopping her from seeing it.
how does sitting next to a person in a movie theater increase the level of enjoyment? you can't talk during a movie.
 you know, this is stupid, c'mon, let's just go.
good.
saving movies.
ridiculous!two for prognosis negative.
 i'm in big trouble.
oh, you're dead.
bell's palsy.
 the entire side of my, of, of my face was paralyzed.
 farfel! i couldn't, i couldn't, i couldn't even feed myself, i was completely incapacitated.
 quiet farfel!you know it's interesting, because i called the hospital and they said you were released on monday.
yes, yes, that's true, but then i was taken to the bell's palsy center in, in, in, in rockford.
 absolutely first, first rate facility, top notch physicians.
hey, c'mon, c'mon, get off me!he won't hurt you, he's just playing.
hey you keep that mutt away from me.
mutt? i'll wager his parents are more pure than yours.
kramer, are you coming?oh, hi ellen.
get in here.
listen, it's really been a pleasure taking care of your dog for a week, but if you don't mind pre-prediction.
 you'll be calling me to ask if you can come and visit him before the month is out.
prediction.
 i never see you or him again for the rest of my life.
we made plans.
why don't we just rent a movie?i thought you wanted to see prognosis negative.
no, it&mac ;s, it's supposed to be really bad, bad.
 i mean it's long, there's no story, it's so unbelievably boring, i heard.
 i jerry, you promised me we'd go.
well, george told me the whole story, line for line, i mean i almost feel like i've seen it already and walked out on it.
wait, george saw the movie? i saw him yesterday, he didn't mention it.
you and george got together?yeah, i wanted to talk about how we have nothing to talk about.
hello.
hi, hi, hi, hi, hi.
what's up?well, ah you were right.
about what?ellen.
 we, uh, broke up again.
too bad.
i thought she was the one.
i'll bring back the pot.
okay, c'mon it's movie time.
hey, what are you gonna see?prognosis negative.
hey, that's supposed to be great.
it's not.
how do you know?i have an instinct for these things.
i had a parakeet when i was a kid, that was the only pet that i really enjoyed.
 we used to let him out of his cage, and he would fly around and my mother had built, one entire wall of our living room was mirrored.
 she felt this gives you a feeling of space.
 have you ever heard this interior design principle that a mirror makes it seem like you have an entire other room? what kind of a jerk walks up to a mirror and goes, hey look, there's a whole nother room in there.
 there's a guy in there looks just like me.
 but the parakeet will fall for this, you'll let him out of his cage, he flies around the room, bang! with his little head, he would just go click ohh! and i'd always think, even if he thinks the mirror is another room, why doesn't he at least try to avoid hitting the other parakeet?let me speak with the head librarian.
 because it's absurd.
 an overdue book from ? this is a joke right? what are you? from a radio station?entersya got me i fell for it.
 alright, ok i can be down there in like a half hour.
 bye.
what's the problem?this you're not goin to believe.
 the nypl says that i took out tropic of cancer in and never returned it.
do you know how much that comes to? that's a nickel a day for years.
 it's going to be $ , it doesn't work like that.
if it's a dime a day it could be $ , it's not going to be anything.
 i returned the book.
 i remember it very vividly because i was with sherry becker.
 she wore this orange dress.
 it was the first time i ever saw her in a dress like that.
 in oticed since ninth grade she was developing this body in secret under these loose clothes for like two years.
 and then one day that orange dress is burned in my memoryoh, memory burn.
i wonder what ever happened to her.
how did they ever find you?oh, computers, they're cracking down now on overdue books.
 the whole thing is completely ridiculous.
it's george.
 wait til he hears we're going to the libraryyou know i never got a library card.
 coming down.
it's all a bunch of cheapskates in there anyway.
 people sitting around reading the newspaper attached to huge wooden sticks trying to save a quarter, ooh,i gotta go to the library.
 you want to go?yeah,the dewey decimal system, what a scam that was.
 boy that dewey guy really cleaned up on that deal.
where's georgeshhh.
tryin to save a quarter.
i kinda like those sticks.
 i'd like to get them in my house.
this woman's completely ignoring me.
look at her.
 this is a lonely woman looking for companionship spinster.
 maybe a virgin.
 maybe she got hurt a long time ago.
 she was a schoolgirl.
 there was a boy it didn't work out.
 now she needs a little tenderness.
 she needs a little understanding.
 she needs a little kramer.
eventually a little shot of penicillinyes?yeah i called before.
 i got his notice in the mail.
oh, tropic of cancer, henry miller, uh, this case has been turned over to our library investigation officer mr.
 bookman.
bookman? the library investigator's name is actually, bookman?it's true.
that's amazing.
 that's like an ice cream man named, cone.
lt.
 bookman has been working here for years so i think he's heard all the jokes.
can i speak with this bookman?just a second.
jerry, jerrywhat?i think i saw him.
 i think it's him.
who?did you see the homeless guy on the library steps screaming obsenities and doing some calesthetics routineyeah.
yeahi think that's mr.
 hayman.
 the gym teacher from our high school.
shhh.
 haymen, are you sure?he's older, completely covered in filth, no whistle, but i think it's him.
george got him fired.
 he squealed on him.
ooh tattle tale t tattleshh shhwhat did this guy do? what happened?there was an incident.
 i'd rather not discuss it.
oh come on, you can tell me.
some other time.
what tonight?y'know i never figured you for a squealer.
oh, he sang like a canary.
mr.
 bookman's not here.
not here? why was i told to come down here?he'll be out all afternoon on a case.
he's out on a case? he actually goes out on cases?well what am i supposed to do now?i'll have mr.
 bookman get in touch with you.
all right thanks.
 come on lets golet's see if it's hayman?hey, uh, i'll see you boys later.
 s a guy got to do around here to get a library card?where's karen?she went to pick up lunch.
well, she didn't ask me what i wanted.
she must have forgot.
how could she forget i've been ordering lunch every day here for and a half years?i don't know anything.
ah, you don't know anything.
 you see, i don't know anything', means there's something to know.
 if you really didn't know anything you would have said you're crazy.
'oh, hi mr.
 lippman.
elaine,um, uh, i was wondering if you got a chance to look at that , um, biography of columbus, i gave you?yes i did.
 yes i did.
 maureen this water is still too cold.
ooh yeah, it's freezing.
 hurts your teeth.
i'm tellin ya somethin is goin on.
 he never likes anything i recommend.
 and then that lunch thing.
so they forgot to get your lunch.
 big deal!what do you know.
 you've never worked in an office.
 m over reacting but you understand, lunch!i don't understand lunch, i don't know anything about lunch.
 listen.
 just because i got the guy fired doesn't mean i turned him into a bum - does it?what did he do?he purposely mispronounced my name.
 instead of saying, costanza he'd say, can't stand ja'.
 can't stand ja he made me smell my own gym socks once.
i remember he made you wear a jock on your head for a whole class.
 and the straps were hangin down by his , ok, ok, i never even had him for gym.
i had him for hygene.
 remember his teeth.
 it was like from an exhumed corpse.
little baked beansechhcome on tell me what happened.
well, ok.
 as i said the guy had it in for me.
 he actually failed me in gym.
 me! those spastic shnitzer twins can't stand ja can't stand jayes, mr.
 haymanyour underwear was stick'n out of your shorts during gym class.
well i guess that's because i wear boxer shorts.
boxer shorts, ha ha, well what brand?i'm not really sure, i well let's take a look.
he gave me a wedgie.
he got fired the next day.
why do they call it a wedgie?because the underwear is pulled up from the back and it wedges in they also have an atomic wedgie.
 now the goal there is to actually get the waistband on top of the head.
 very rare.
boys are sick.
well what do girls do ?we just tease some one til they develop an eating disorder.
 guy who ruined his life.
i gotta go back to the library and talk to him.
 i gotta find out if i&mac ;m the guy who ruined his life.
hey babaloo, you better get home.
 you know this guy bookman from the library he's waiting for ya.
what's amazing to me about the library is it's a place where you go in you can take out any book you whant they just give it to you and say bring it back when you're done.
 it reminds me of like this pathetic friend that everbody had when they were a little kid who would let you borrow any of his stuff if you would just be his friend.
 that's what the library is.
 a government funded pathetic friend.
 and that's why everybody kinds of bullies the library.
 i'll bring it back on time i'll bring it back late.
 oh, what are you going to do? charge me a nickel?oh, i'm glad you're here, so we can get this all straightened out.
 would you like a cup of tea?you got any coffee?coffee?yeah.
 coffee.
no, i don't drink coffee.
yeah, you don't drink coffee? how about instant coffee?no, i don't have--you don't have any instant coffee?well, i don't normally--who doesn't have instant coffee?i don't.
you buy a jar of folger's crystals, you put it in the cupboard, you forget about it.
 then later on when you need it, it's there.
 it lasts forever.
 it's freeze-dried.
 freeze-dried crystals.
really? i'll have to remember that.
you took this book out in .
yes, and i returned it in .
yeah, .
 that was my first year on the job.
 bad year for libraries.
 bad year for america.
 hippies burning library cards, abby hoffman telling everybody to steal books.
 i don't judge a man by the length of his hair or the kind of music he listens to.
 rock was never my bag.
 but you put on a pair of shoes when you walk into the new york public library, fella.
look, mr.
 bookman.
 i--i returned that book.
 i remember it very specifically.
you're a comedian, you make people laugh.
i try.
you think this is all a big joke, don't you?no, i don't.
i saw you on t.
v.
 once; i remembered your name--from my list.
 i looked it up.
 sure enough, it checked out.
 you think because you're a celebrity that somehow the law doesn't apply to you, that you're above the law?certainly not.
well, let me tell you something, funny boy.
 y'know that little stamp, the one that says new york public library'? well that may not mean anything to you, but that means a lot to me.
 one whole hell of a lot.
 sure, go ahead, laugh if you want to.
 i've seen your type before: flashy, making the scene, flaunting convention.
 yeah, i know what you're thinking.
 what's this guy making such a big stink about old library books? well, let me give you a hint, junior.
 maybe we can live without libraries, people like you and me.
 maybe.
 sure, we're too old to change the world, but what about that kid, sitting down, opening a book, right now, in a branch at the local library and finding drawings of pee-pees and wee-wees on the cat in the hat and the five chinese brothers? doesn't he deserve better? look.
 if you think this is about overdue fines and missing books, you'd better think again.
 this is about that kid's right to read a book without getting his mind warped! or: maybe that turns you on, seinfeld; maybe that's how y'get your kicks.
 you and your good-time buddies.
 well i got a flash for ya, joy-boy: party time is over.
 y'got seven days, seinfeld.
 that is one week!what's wrong?it's bookman the library cop.
so i, i didn't do anything wrong.
i'm supposed to be at work.
 i could get fired.
 i shouldn't have come here.
why don't ya leave?i can't.
no way i'm payin that! i returned that book in .
 i have a witness sherry becker.
 she wore an orange dress.
 she gave me a piece of black jack gum.
 it's a licorice gum.
 what do ya think of next i remember it.
 becker, becker, kevin went to a public school, he's the year old? we were gonna send marsha to a private school.
 cause in some way they don't learn enough i think.
so sherry, what do you remember about that day at the library?i remember it like it was yesterday.
 it was a friday afternoon.
 i wore a purple dress.
purple? ya sure it wasn't orange?positive.
 and i was chewin dentyne.
 i always chewed dentyne.
 remember jerry? dentyne?no black jack?uch! licorice gum? never! we were ah, reading pasages to each other from that henry miller book,tropic of cancer.
no, tropic of capricorntropic of capricorn?rememba? what holds the world togetha as i have learned from bitter experience is sexual intercourse .
'wait a second.
 wait a second.
 you're right.
 i had both of them.
george, here's the book.
 don't let anybody see it.
 don't let anything happen to it.
jerry, it's me, george, don't worry, i'll return itok, i'll see you after school.
 i.
m late for hayman's hygiene.
where ya going?it was nice seeing you again.
 i just remembered something.
 i've got to go.
 it was george!read another poem.
pressed chest fleshed out west might be the saviour or a garden pest.
wow, that is great.
 you should be published.
you know, the library is kind of a cool place when it's closed.
oh, yeah.
 you don't have to be quiet.
 listen to the echo: hello!hello!hello!hello!hello!hello!mr.
 bookman.
i remember when the librarian was a much older woman: kindly, discreet, unattractive.
 we didn't know anything about her private life.
 we didn't want to know anything about her private life.
 she didn't have a private life.
 while you're thinking about that, think about this: the library closes at five o'clock, no exceptions.
 this is your final warning.
 got that, kewpie-doll?lippman want's to see me in his office see me! that can't be goodmaybe you're getting a raise.
maybe i'm getting a wedgie.
what?it's georgegeorge is on his way up.
wait til i tell him about the book.
 sobsare you ok? what? what?it's marion's poetry.
 i can't take it remember that biography i recommended? my boss hated iti'm right here.
remember that columbus book?columbus, euro trash.
well, it's definetly him.
him? him who?him who? hayman him.
hayman the gym teacher? you found him?oh, i found him.
 he was sitting on the steps of the library.
 i sat down next to him.
 he smelled like the locker room after that game against erasmusthat was double overtime.
so i said, mr.
 hayman, it's me george costanza, jfk, he doesn't move.
 so i said uh, can't stand ya'', can't stand ya' he turns and smiles, the little baked bean teeth.
 i get up to run away, but something was holding me back.
 it was heyman.
 he had my underwear.
 there i was on the steps of the nd st.
 library , a grown man, getting a wedgie.
at least it wasn't atomic.
it was.
so georgie boy, guess what happened to tropic of cancerhow should i know?because i gave it to you.
me?yeah, think.
 don't you remember you kept begging me to see it then finally i agreed.
 you were supposed to return it.
 i met you in the gym locker room.
the locker room!here's the book.
 don't let anybody see it.
 don't let anything happen to it.
jerry, it's me, george, don't worry, i'll return it tomorrow, no problem.
all right, i'll see you after school.
 i,,m late for hayman's hygiene.
can't stand ya'.
yes mr.
 hayman.
your underwear was stick'n out of your shorts during gym class.
well i guess that's because i wear boxer shorts.
boxer shorts, ha? well what brand?i'm not really sure, i well let's take a look.
 no no no!anyway, i hope there's no hard feelings.
hard feelings? what do you know about hard feelings? y'ever have a man die in your arms? y'ever kill somebody?what is your problem?what's my problem? punks like you, that's my problem.
 and you better not screw up again seinfeld, because if you do, i'll be all over you like a pitbull on a poodle.
 so you were saying?oh? so, i took your suggestion and i gave my boss marion's poems.
 the ones that affected kramer so much.
oh, beautiful did he like them?no, he didn't! no, he didn't! was he out there?na, he's gone.
 i wonder what happened to him.
i guess we'll never know.
can't stand ya, any day that you had gym it was a weird school day, you know what i mean because it kind of like started of kind of normal.
 you have like english, geometry, social studies and then suddenly you're like in lord of the flies for minutes you know you're hangin from a rope.
 you have hardly any clothes on.
 teachers are yellin at ya 'where's your jock strap? ya know and kids are throwin dodge balls at you.
 you're tryin to survive then its history, science, language.
 there's something off in the entire flow of that day.
george, jerry and elaine, who's carrying a plastic bag with goldfish, and kramer who's having a rough time with a large, heavy box.
]one left what a joke.
you can have this one.
no, that's not enough btus for my living room that was a complete waste of time.
hey, i didn't get one either.
why do i always have the feeling that everybody's doing something better than me on saturday afternoons?this is what people do.
no they don't.
 they're out on some big picnic.
 they're cooking burgers.
 they're making out on blankets.
 they're not at some mall in jersey watching their friends trying to find the world's cheapest air-conditioner.
you should see what my father used to go through before he bought a car.
 he'd go from state to state.
 he was away for weeks at a time.
 it was like he was running for president and he was going through the primaries.
 we'd get phone calls from motels in new hampshire.
so we took a little ride.
 what's the big deal?well at least you accomplished something.
 you got fish.
big accomplishment.
fish.
 what do they do?what do you do?it's this way.
what time is it?five o'clock.
always late.
 always late.
you're not late.
i told them to meet me in front of my building at six-fifteen.
who?my parents.
 it's their anniversary.
 i'm taking them out to dinner and a show tonight.
 you think we'll hit traffic?of course we'll hit traffic.
 it's rush hour.
isn't it going the other way?there is no other way in new york.
 everybody goes every way all the time.
but it's saturday.
you got the picnic and burger traffic.
i always get myself in this position.
 can't be on time.
 gotta rush.
what's the matter?i have to go to the bathroom.
 why do they hide the bathroom in these malls? you want me to help you with that?no, no, i got it.
 what do you think, georgie boy?did i need that pointed out for me? what is that going to do for me? how does that help me, to see her? i'm trying to live my life.
 don't show me that.
if you like her, go talk to her.
yeah, right.
 i'll just go up and say, hi, how ya doing? would you like a glass of white wine? jerry before you got within twenty feet of this woman, she'd have her finger on the mace button.
 she's like an expensive car with one of those motion-sensor force field alarms.
 any sudden movement in the area could set her off.
she's fat.
oh she's fat?what? jerry where's the car?i thought it was here.
you don't know where we parked?oh, this is great.
blue-one.
 i thought it was blue-one.
i thought it was green.
 i remember seeing green.
i didn't pay attention.
this is just what i need.
i'm sure it's right around here.
it looks familiar.
 i remember the elevator.
there's elevators all over! it all looks the same.
it's over there.
 i know where it is.
it's black, right?dark blue.
 you come to a parking lot, you write it down.
 how hard is that?there it is! no, no that's a toyota.
 hmmm i thought it was didn't we come in over there?i thought it was over there.
how long can fish live in one of these plastic bags?about two hours.
 d better find this car.
it's this way and they take off again, pairing off:i really have to go to the bathroom.
why don't you go behind one of these cars? j s around.
i'll wait.
you know when you hold it in like that you can cause a lot of damage to your bladder.
 that's what happens to truck drivers.
 they hold it in all the time.
 eventually it starts coming out involuntarily.
alright.
jerry, are you aware that adult diapers are a six hundred million dollar a year industry?maybe i should just go anytime i get the urge like you wherever i am.
 there's too much urinary freedom in this society.
 i'm proud to hold it in.
 it builds character.
 s not it.
 s a mystery.
 six wrong?those school zones are a killer.
 will you let me help you with that?i'm gonna put it down behind that car.
you're not worried somebody's gonna pee on it? pink eleven.
 remember that.
oh i got it.
 s insignificant.
 re laboring.
look at this place.
 it's huge i can tell you this.
 if i am not in front of my house at six-fifteen, when my parents get there, they will put me on an aggravation installment plan that will compound with interest for decades.
parents never forget a foul-up.
 i once left a jacket on the bus when i was fourteen.
 last week i'm flying to chicago to do a show, make sure you hang on to your jacket.
'where the hell is this car, kramer?it's got to be here.
why are they using so many colors? and the numbers go up to forty.
maybe it's not on this level.
what?there are four different levels.
 maybe we're on the wrong level.
 how long was the escalator ride up?it felt like a couple of levels.
you should always carry a pad and pen.
i can't carry a pen.
 i'm afraid i'll puncture my scrotum.
i have a pen.
where was the bathroom in this mall? there are six-hundred stores, i didn't see one bathroom.
 what is this, like a joke? they finished building the mall and they go, oh my god, we forgot the bathrooms.
' t you dare talk to me like that! you hear me?look at that woman.
i told you! i don't care! you'll have to wait.
 hey, is that necessary? t you mind your own business?i think hitting a defenseless child is my business.
 re ugly.
 what?you're ugly.
you are!you are!i should've hit the little son-of-a-bitch.
 i can't stand kids.
 adults think it's so wonderful how honest kids are.
 i don't need that kind of honesty.
 i'll take a deceptive adult over an honest kid any day.
 i found it!he's got it.
oh no.
all right, that's it.
 from now on no more calling out they found it, unless we're sitting in it.
 okay?jerry, look at my fish.
his eyes look a little cloudy.
oh are they gonna be furious.
who's got the tickets? george i do.
 d been here before!it was easy the last time.
my fish are dying right in front of me! we have to get someone to drive us around the parking lot to help us look for the car.
no one's going to do that.
excuse me, we can't seem to find our car.
 i was wondering if it would be possible if you're not in a hurry, to drive us around the garage for five minutes so we can look.
five minutes.
we're not wilding.
 t seem to find my car - do you think you could drive me  ll be floating in an hour.
 is that funny too?those are really ugly sneakers.
 where did you get those?right here at the mall.
excuse me  s science.
it's amazing how shopping makes me have to go.
 all i have to do is walk into a department store and it's like some kind of horse laxative just kicked in.
you drank a whole bottle of water.
i know.
so why don't you just go?no i can't.
don't you get tired of following rules?you think i'm too cautious?why be uncomfortable if you don't have to? it's organic.
organic.
 so's buddy hackett.
buddy hackett?he's a comedian.
i know.
all right.
 all right.
 you can go over here.
i can manage.
 it'll take you ten seconds.
okay, okay.
 i'll be right back.
okay, let's go.
 come with me.
but come on.
 krameri've had this condition since i was eleven! i've been in and out of hospitals my whole life.
 i have no control over it.
 doctors have told me that when i feel it, the best thing to do is just release it.
 otherwise, i could die.
well you're still not allowed.
do you hear what i'm saying to you?! i'm telling you that if i don't go, i could die.
 die.
 is it worth dying for?that's up to you.
so you don't care if i die.
what i care about is the sanitary condition of the parking facility.
it was life and death.
uh huh.
oh i'm lying.
 why would i do it unless i was in mortal danger? i know it's against the law.
i don't know.
because i could get uromysitisis poisoning and die.
 that's why! do you think i enjoy living like this? the shame, the humiliation you know i have been issued a public urination pass by the city because of my condition.
 unfortunately my little brother ran out of the house with it this morning.
 re closed today.
 my luck.
you can tell the police all about it.
 jerry!jerry!unbelievable, i'm never gonna get out of here.
 the guy goes to pee, he never comes back.
 it's like a science fiction story.
maybe he went to one of the other levels.
 i'll go look for him.
oh now you're gonna go? elaine i'll be back in five minutes.
if you go now, i know what's gonna happen.
 we'll find the car, jerry will show up, and then we'll never find you.
no, no, i'll be back.
oh what's the difference? we'll all be dead eventually.
does that bother you?yeah, it bothers me.
 doesn't it bother you?not at all.
see now that bothers me even more than dying bothers me, cause it's people like you who live to be a hundred and twenty because you're not bothered by it.
 how could it not bother you?i once saw this thing on t.
v.
 with people who are terminally ill.
 and they all believed the secret of life is just to live every moment.
yeah, yeah.
 i've heard that.
 meanwhile i'm here with you in a parking garage, what am i supposed to do?first of all you don't even know technically that i went.
 that's for starters.
 i mean i could've been pouring a bottle of water out there.
 you don't know.
i know what you did.
oh really, do you? well it just so happens that i did pour water out.
 i had a bottle of very tepid water and i poured it out.
 and i could see how you made a mistake, because pouring water out sounds very much like a person urinating.
 s all it is.
yeah i'm sure.
you know this is not the first time this has happened to me.
 i always carry water because of my condition.
 it dehydrates me.
 it's a vicious cycle.
and now he's gone.
 i'm sure he's looking for the car.
 five minutes, that's all.
 i just want to find him.
but why? why can't you do it?no, see that's not a reason you can't.
 you just don't want to.
but why? why don't you want to?but wouldn't you get any satisfaction out of helping someone out? m jumping ahead here, their forty-seventh wedding anniversary.
 we made arrangements to spend the evening together.
 they are supposed to be in front of my building at six-fifteen.
 s been in a red chinese prison for the past fourteen years.
the guy's got a fat fetish.
 spector never dates a woman under two hundred-fifty pounds.
 really.
what does he do with all that fat? does he just jump up and down on it? does he gouge it like killer kowalski?who's killer kowalski?he was a wrestler.
 he would grab hold of someone's stomach and just squeeze it until they gave.
i've gotta go to the bathroom.
so go.
 george here? you and jerry.
don't you believe me? it's their fiftieth anniversary.
 you know this is gonna kill him.
 you're aware of that.
 kill him.
 on the biggest night of his life oh your folks have an anniversary today too? was he also in a red chinese prison? a red chinese prison?george! george!jerry! well what happened was my father was staying in the home of one of red china's great military leaders, general chang, who by the way came up with the recipe for general chang's chicken.
 you know, the one with the red peppers and orange peel at szechwan gardens? george sure, i have it all the time.
 very spicy.
well general chang was a very flamboyant man.
 a complete failure as a general, but a helluva cook.
 jerry! jerry elaine?! jerry! over here  where have you been?i was arrested for urinating.
 me too.
you what?i have uromysitisis.
 it's very serious you know.
look at my fish is he no, but he's not looking good  t find our car.
 please drive us around the parking lot to find our car.
 my fish are dying.
i can see not caring what happens to us, we're human.
 but what about the fish? the fish?that's right, go.
 go home to your dumbbells.
 work on your pecs.
 i'm really impressed.
 s right you heard me.
 you got a problem with that?elaine, shut-up.
hey, where's kramer?i don't know.
 s kramer?i thought he was with you.
see, i knew it.
 i knew this was gonna happen  s it.
have we looked over there? have we checked that side?we came in over there!we didn't come in over there!where's kramer?hey george, there she is again.
 so what do you want me to do?ask her to drive us around.
 there's your opening.
that is an opening.
 d really appreciate it if oh sure, i'll drive you around.
you will?sure.
thanks a lot.
 i'm really late.
 my parents are waiting in front of my building and we're stuck here.
i wouldn't want to get lost in here.
 it smells like a toilet.
 people are such animals.
yeah, right.
filthy pigs.
it's a blue honda this has happened to me too.
 it's very frustrating.
hi, i'm elaine.
jerry.
hello.
it's very nice of you to do this.
 i've asked several people and they wouldn't even answer me.
i'm happy to do it.
 m amy.
hi amy, i'm george.
 t know you were  with that group.
 what about my fish?boy, those scientologists.
 they can be pretty sensitive.
i'll say.
what is it? the car!the car!the car!we found it.
 i can't believe it!kramer, kramer's not here i knew it.
 i knew it! i knew this would happen.
 kramer! kramer!kramer!kramer.
jerry?yeah, over here.
boy i had a helluva time finding that air-conditioner.
 i looked everywhere.
 i completely forgot where i hid it.
 you know where it was?purple .
right! purple .
 i could've used you.
sometimes it's good to have a pencil to write these things down.
what time is it?seven forty-five.
well at least there's no traffic.
right.
what time does that play start?eight o'clock.
that might be a problem.
 s your little bag of  boy this garage is going to cost a fortune.
 you know how long we were here?she thinks i'm a nice guy.
 women always think i'm nice, but women don't nice.
this is amazing, i haven't seen one person go in to that restaurant since it opened.
 poor guy.
why is nice bad? what kind a of sick society we are living in, when nice is bad?what's that smell? what are you wearing?what, a little cologne.
manly.
monica wants me to wear it.
so why didn't you say no?i'm too nice.
look at this poor guy.
 his family is probably in pakistan -- they're waiting him to send back money.
 this is horrible.
she wants me to take an iq test.
that's because you're stupid enough to wear the cologne.
no, she's taking this course in education for her masters.
 it's part of her research project, so i have to be a guinea pig.
i've never been a guinea pig.
 i've been a sheep, a tody.
you know, i can't talk to you anymore.
all right, i'm sorry.
 go ahead, you're taking the iq test.
yeah, and she's going to find i'm a moron.
 you know, people think i'm smart, but i'm not smart.
who thinks you're smart?i'm not going to break a hundred on this thing.
what thing?you don't listen when people talk to you anymore!oh, oh, the iq thing yeah.
i'm sure i have a low iq.
 i've been lying about my sat scores for years.
what'd ya get?what did i get or what do i say i got?what do you say?i say fourteen o nine .
 , that's a good score.
psst, you're telling me.
what did you really get?you are my friend.
of course.
i tell you everything, right?i hope so.
well, this i take to the grave.
he's serving mexican, italian, chinese.
 he's all over the place.
 that's why no one's going in.
why do you keep watching?i don't know, i'm obsessed with it.
 it's like a spider in the toilet struggling for survival.
 and even though ya know he's not going to make it, y-y-you kind of root for him for a second.
and then you flush.
well, it's a spider.
you know, sometimes people won't go in a place, if they don't see anyone else in there.
do you have to do that? jerry, don't do that, that is so annoying.
bazooka joe.
the buzzer.
it's your house.
my house? you gotta be on the lease to press to buzzer.
 yeah? it's george.
come on up.
casus belli.
what's that?it's latin.
 i read it in some book.
 i don't know, i just wanted to say it out loud.
come on, go in, go in! [watching dream cafe with binoculars again]have you gone in there?no, i'm afraid we'll start talking, and i'll gonna wind up going partners with him.
hey.
you know, i could probably shoot him from here.
 i'd be doing us both a favor.
i'm wearing some cologne, all right?sure, fine.
casus belli.
casus belli.
what's that?since when do you wear cologne?why is what i do is so important? why must i be always the focal point of attention? let me just be, let me live.
hey, how'd you do on that iq test?i didn't take it, yet.
what iq test?what's casus belli.
oh, it's nothing is it about me?why must you always be the focal point of attention? why can't you just be? t you live?it's just a latin phrase george, it does not mean anything.
 now, what is this test?this woman he's dating is making him take this iq test for this course.
oh, that sounds like fun.
yeah, fun.
 iq tests are totally bogus.
 they prove nothing.
you'll do well, you're smart.
no see, he's not smart.
 people think he's smart, but he's not.
wha'd you get on your sat's?it varies.
you know, i don't even know my iq.
huh, mine's .
 !get out of here!you get out of here!you get out of here!huhuhuhuhuhuhu shst, you should take the test for me.
huh.
boy that'd be something, cheating on a iq test.
haha hey, remember in college when you passed lettick the test out the window? you became a legend after that.
 yeah, yeah i really had some guts back then.
 why don't we do it again?what?you could take the iq test for me.
 i could pass it to you out a window.
 we could do it, she lives in the first floor.
are you serious?why not?where would i take the test?i don't know, she lives right around the corner.
 you could take it here or go to the coffee shop.
no, that'd be too noisy.
take it to dream cafe, you won't hear a peep.
hey, what do you think?hey, i love a good caper.
yeah, that's what is, isn't it? a caper.
 huh.
you'll do it?what the hey.
yeaah, beautiful sorry well, ah, i've been looking forward to it.
oh, ah how did you hear about us?eh, people, people are talking.
smoking or non-smoking? we are proud to offer both.
ah, non-smoking would be great.
very good.
 my name is babu bhatt, i will be your waiter.
 a steaming hot folded face cloth for your pleasure.
thank you.
 [throws the towel around like a hot potato.
]our specials are tacos, moussaka and franks and beans.
well, ah w-what do you recommend my good fellow?oh, the turkey.
well then the turkey it'll be.
 and may i say you have a splendid establishment here, my friend.
 i'm sure you flourish at this location for many, many years.
you're very kind man.
 very kind, thank you.
 very kind  re eating a turkey sandwich.
 what do want, a nobel prize?you go in the living room.
 i'll take the test in here.
but why?i won't be able to, concentrate in front of you.
oh, i think you're making too much of this.
 iq tests don't mean anything.
are you kidding me? [elaine walks past the window glancing in] this is the best tool we have today of measuring a persons intelligence.
well, i certainly don't place any importance on it.
well, i think you're wrong about that.
 [elaine walks past the window again, glancing in] and ah now if you'll excuse me, i'd really like to get started, please.
good luck.
don't need it.
 n'huhuhu what's been going on out there? i've been standing here minutes.
i'm sorry i'm sorry, here's the test.
 thanks again for doing this - hhe.
all right, what time do you want me back here.
ah, ah, twenty to three.
ok.
thanks again.
all right.
a-and don't settle for , you can do better, you're a genius.
 heheheh thank you babu.
 you have quite a flair.
 you are quite the restaurateur i must say.
it is in deed my pleasure.
oh, please oh, welcome to the dream cafe.
 our specials today oh, no no no.
 i'll just have a tea and toast.
 tea and toast.
eat something! babu um, ok, ah well i'll have the, th-ri-rigatoni.
oh, oh very good choice.
 very good.
oh wow, so you got the test.
 you're cheating.
i know.
hey.
hey.
oh boy.
 woop jerry let me ask you something, hi elaine hey.
this guy leaves this jacket at my mother's house two years ago.
 now, she hasn't spoken to him since and now he says he wants the jacket back.
so?well, i'm not giving it back.
why not?well because i meet a lot of women in this jacket, you know they're attracted to it.
 i mean why do you think my mother went out with him?oh, gees ok,you're all rightyeah, ok  t there like statue of limitations on that?statute.
what?statute of limitations.
 it's not a statue.
no, it's statue.
fine, it's a sculpture of limitations.
wait a minute, just wait a minute elaine, elaine! now you're smart, is it statue or statute of limitations?statute.
oh, i really think you're wrong.
look, kramer, i have to take this test ok, i don't have a lot of time.
what test?an iq test.
hmm.
 why you takin an iq test?it's for george.
george?yeah, can-look can i explain it to you later?yeah, but why are you taking an iq test for george?would you please?!what, is it for a job or something?later!you're positive it's statute?yes, yes! welcome, welcome.
 a steaming hot face towel for your george?yeah?the door is locked.
oh, it's locked?i need to get something.
monica, i'm really focused here, this stuff's a killer.
 george!wish i could.
 nananeena, ladadeeda, laadadeeda, saadina .
 laadadeeda sa saadina babu! ba-if-if ya don't mind?set.
 okset.
i'll get it oh my god! it's all over the test!oh, i did sc-i'm terribly sorry.
oh my god.
oh man! look at this i'm out of time anyway.
please, forgive me, please go ahead, i'll take care of it.
uhh.
 m very sorry.
 tell your friends!it's all right, she was cheating anyway.
you're a very kind man.
babu, you're pakistani, right?yes, pakistani, yes.
babu, may i say something?of course, you're very smart man, i listen.
i am not a restaurateur by any means, but it occurred to me that perhaps you might serve some dishes from your native pakistan? as opposed to say t-the franks and beans for example.
but there are no pakistani people here.
doesn't matter.
 you would have the only authentic pakistani restaurant in the whole neighborhood.
yes, you see everything, don't you?well, you know; not everything.
 i do what i can.
i close down today and when i open again it'll be all pakistani restaurant.
 thank you, thank you so much, you're very special person, very special.
it was an accident.
what did you go on a picnic?babu bhatt did it.
babu bhatt? how i'm going to explain this?time's up george.
u-ok.
 here you go.
how did you do?piece of cake; hu.
what happened to the test?what? oh i spilled some food on it.
food? what food?what are you talking about?where did you get food?from my pocket.
your pocket?i eh, i had a sandwich in my pocket.
and coffee?yeah, had some coffee, yeah.
where did you get the coffee?where did i get the coffee? where do think i got the coffee, at the grocery store.
 how did you get there?i walked.
how did you get out of the apartment? i didn't see you leave.
i climbed out the window.
you climbed out the window?of course.
why didn't you go out the door?the door? why would i go out the door? the window's right here.
you're a fascinating man, george costanza.
the average person in a situation like this, they walk right by it.
 not me.
you're very special.
hey, do me a favor some guy comes in looking for me, tell him you don't know where i am.
of course, i always do.
no, no it's that guy.
 he's really been bugging me about the jacket.
just give it back to him.
oh, he'll have to kill me.
 hey georgie!coming up.
how'd you do on the iq test?! !what?!! , jerry! iq ! ?well, well, well he's coming up?well, i'm no genius but, according to my calculations he should be here in a few seconds.
yeah, but an , jerry, that's ridiculous.
well, maybe the test was gender bias, you know a lot of questions on hunting and testicles oh, hello professor.
george, i cannot believe please no there has got be a mistake.
you should've seen her face.
 it was the exact same look my father gave me when i told him i wanted to be a ventriloquist.
but an ?listen, there were too many distractions there.
 babu what ever he's name was and kramer i couldn't concentrate.
jerry! it was! let me take it again.
ooh ho hoo, forget it.
oh, come on, come on.
 i?ll guarantee .
 what do you have to lose?you could do worse!no, no, come on.
 i guarantee it.
all right, i'll ask her.
ok, now where i'm going to take it.
take it here, i'll leave, there'll be no distractions.
well, congratulations my friend.
 you know, i'm sorry i missed the grand re-opening.
 i was out of town for about a week.
you see how i listen.
 i work very hard, borrow more money.
i think it's fantastic.
 has a certain indefinable charm.
you wish to eat?let me tell you something babu.
 you go back in that kitchen -- tell your chef i want the works.
very good.
 oh man uunh.
what are you doing?quiet.
 shh, don't say anything.
what's going on?hey, kramer! i saw you go there! i'm not leaving until you gimme that jacket.
 open up kramer!wha'd you come in here for?ah, well i thought i'd throw him off.
 see, he knows where i live.
well kramer, i have to return this test.
 i've got to get out of here.
i thought you took the test.
i had to take it again.
how come?what's the difference?!!well, you can't leave now.
what?come on, kramer! i want that jacket back!never!come on george, open up.
well?how you doing?where's the test?hunh, you know, it's the damnedest thing.
 i went out the window again to, to get a cup of coffee babu? babu [waves babu to come to table] babu you know, i got to tell you, i never do this, but the shrimp, it's just, it's a little stringy.
 you have any chicken?the shrimp is stringy?well, maybe your refrigerator quiet!!no i you shut up!well i you make me change restaurant, but nobody come! you say make pakistani, babu bhatt have only pakistani restaurant.
 but where are people? you see people? show me people.
 there are no people!you know, i think i'll just take the check.
you bad man! you very very bad man! [leaves] ve my mother been wrong?are you looking for george?well eh, kind of .
george left.
oh.
is, that the test?oh, this emm yeah here you go.
thanks.
 i hope you do a lot better this time.
actually, you know i think i did.
 the first time i couldn't really cons [monica closes the window] entrate.
you know what it was, bad location.
come on, lets not stand here too long, we might run in to her.
aren't you cold? where's your jacket?h-yeah oh, sorry.
i'm going upstairs.
hey guys hey.
i just ran in to monica.
 you know what my iq is? .
 ?yeah heheah that's a good score.
so, what are you up for? how about mexican?italian.
no, chinese.
you know, what would be great? the gaskets that you have here are asymmetrical.
ah ha! really.
 so i took off the motor relay on the compressor .
'cos you you ve got some discolorationoh! well whatever you have to do.
i was working with one mount at a time cos you don't wanna disturb the position of the compressor.
 t hey! what are listening to?my show from last night.
oh! you taped it?yeah , i was doing new material.
hey! did ya ever do that thing on the toes that i said .
huh?yeah! like the big toe is like the captain of the toes, but sometimes the toe next to the big toe gets so big that there's like a power struggle and the second toe assumes control of the foot.
the coup d&eacute;-toe'yeah.
 did you do it?yeah!so?nothin' nothing at all.
need to use the phone.
who you calling?china.
china really?yeah.
 i'll pay for it.
what for?what for? .
 i'll tell you what for .
 for hair.
hair?the chinese have done it my friend.
 the chinese have done it.
done what?discovered a cure for baldness.
did you see that last night?it was on cnn this chinese doctor zeng zau.
 has discovered a cure for baldness.
 s this?well i just got it.
 spector gave it to me , he's giving everything away becoming a minimalist.
is that the guy who likes fat women?doesn't the fat fetish conflict with the minimalism.
 ve done is watching that report on cnn last night.
i did, i'm trying to call china.
you can't call china now its like, what, three o clock in the morning thereoh! my god! .
what?oh! god oh! man oh! brother!!! i can't believe what i'm hearing.
 this woman his talking to me on my tape recorder while i was on stage.
 this is wild.
 i've never heard anything like this in my life.
 listen to this.
 oh! my god give me it wa wait.
wait! who is this woman?i don't know .
 i have no idea .
 i was just listening and she came on.
this is like a penthouse letter why can't i meet women like this?all right come on .
again attempts to pull headphones off)wait ,wait, wait, wait!!!! .
 where was the tape recorder?it was in the back of the room on the left, she must have been sitting right in front of it.
my god!!!c'mon it's my turn.
all right, all right, all, right!! how you gonna find out who this is?good question.
where's the volume a, yai ya ya ya!!!!what do the chinese have to gain by faking a cure for baldness?if it was real ,they would never let it out of the country.
 no baldness , it'd be like a nation of supermen.
hi boys.
hello what's happening?tell her.
 i wanna hear her reaction.
this woman left this really sexy message on jerry's tape recorder  not that you idiot!!what??the chinese , the chinese bald cure.
i thought you meant the no i meant the bald cure.
 we were talking about the bald cure.
what did she say?seinfeld hey! is that peter? i can't believe it.
 get me a cup of decaf.
 so did you hear this message?oh!, he he, it was unbelievablereally!yeah.
 i can't get over it.
huh! sexy?this woman drove us out of our mindslike humm how did she sound?she had this throaty , sexy kind of whisper.
really , like a like a .
 jerry, i want to slide my tongue around you like a snake ooooooooooha ,oooooohaaaa oh! my god!! you? you? that was you? .
shhhhhh!!!how did ya? i stopped at the club to see him and i was standing in the back while he was on, right?, and there was this tape recorder there and i got this impulse.
 ha ha ha ha .
what?oh! no no nothing .
now listen , promise me you won't tell him okay.
i want to have a little fun with this.
i had no idea you were filled with such .
sexuality oh! that was nothing.
 so listen, what about this bald thing?ah! some bald thing, a bald thing i dunno.
 it's nothingremember peter?peter?you remember peter.
 remember i told you how he went to the track that one time and he was yelling at this jockey and the jockey got off the horse and started chasin him.
so listen , what about this girl on the tape recorder?oh elaine .
what do you think an enraptured female fan of mine might say?i don't know.
she went on in some detail about certain activities, illegal in some states, for consenting adults.
 things you would know very little about.
oh! really.
well this type of things is very common when you're in show business.
so what, are you gonna ask her out.
no i can't she didn't leave her name or number.
bummer okay , good luck finding her .
 i'm taking off.
wh where you going?home.
why you going home for?well , i just came from the gym , unless i can shower at your place.
sure.
oh! my god.
 oh! man i don't get it.
 why would a woman do that and then leave no way to get in touch with her.
 may be she realized she could never have you and she jumped off the george washington bridge.
 operator? beijing?why are you doing this?why do i do anything? tsss for women.
elaine have you ever gone out with a bald man?no.
you know what that makes you? a baldist.
oh.
 this i need.
 hello!! hello.
 i i is this the hair restoration clinic? does anyone speak english? re taping.
just be yourselves.
 aah! okaaay.
well we're talking with elaine benes; adult film star on the set of her new picture elaine does the upper west side' ?i'm doin fine.
do you speak english? english!!whooooa! here's the director jerry seinfeld .
 jerry , you discovered elaine benes?well yes i did that's true.
 a couple of a guys i knew in the coastguard told me about her .
 and i sensed that she had the anger and intensity that i needed to make this film work.
english.
 does anybody speak english .
nobody speaks english.
so what scene are you ready to shoot now , elaine?in this scene my co-star who's right over here ve missed him.
that's my chinese food so george is this your first movie with elaine? i i i dunno.
so elaine in your movies is the sex real or is it simulated?oh.
 it's always simulated .
except with george that's in my contract.
all right, kramer that's it hello .
 english.
 does anyone speak english how much do i owe you?$ .
 .
$ .
 .
?huh.
 excuse me hum do you speak chinese?chinese .
yeah.
look humm i'm on with beijing with the hair restauration clinic.
 could you talk to them for me and tell them i'd like to place an order.
 they got a billion people over there and he found a relative.
ah fuka suma.
 if you send money they send cream.
they send me? aw right ask em does it really work?gym a gun sen tokomo.
 chin che .
they say you grow hair, look a like stalinask em are there any side effects?dowe o futo yum .
 impotence.
 .
 aw! funny he's a funny guy.
get a money order from the bank of china , be here three days after they get check.
 ha pachini fair pousher pousher mouist i fai chin fousher  kind of an expensive call.
thanks for driving me home.
 what did i do to deserve this?yoohoo ,plenty wh wh what are doing hum you're going in?well ya.
 i guess so why? you wanna do something?yeah .
euh i dunno what?pffft .
there's really nothing to do.
 yeah do you think of anything? no, no .
 i am up for anything.
really re talented.
i was just kiddin, around .
i thought the thing you said about the sex not being simulated .
 that was really funny.
 yeah! that was a f fun mmm?.
so all right i'll speak to you through jerry and everything.
okay thanks a lot for the ride.
 she was sitting at the table where i had my tape recorder okay great.
 thanks again bye.
 ha ha who do these women think they're dealing with? did she think she was gonna leave this incredibly erotic message on my tape and i was just gonna let it go.
 not bloody likely what is that?that's my cockney accent.
naw ,na , that's no good.
lets hear yours.
not bloody likely that's the worst cockney accent i've ever heard in my life.
 hey! georgie boy , guess what i got.
guess, what i got.
oh! is that the bald stuff?from china.
 all the way from china.
wait,wait wait let me get the camera.
no don't get the camera , we don't need the camera.
 listen i know your skeptical , but i really believe in the chinese.
yes i am skeptical.
why do you have to be so suspicious of every one.
 this is a great man zeng zau, he wants to help bald people.
w w wa wa wait wait wait now lets videotape your head for the before picture, so we can watch how it grows and stuff.
 sit down lean back a little bit to the right.
make sure you get this area here, where he needs the help .
all right, all right he's a happy camper huh?happy camper , i don't hear that expression enough.
remember that guy who took my jacket.
 the one i found at my mother's house.
yeah.
my mother told me that he got arrested for mail fraudno kidding?he's in jail.
what happened to the jacket.
 did he take it with him?that's what i intend to find out.
 you can see it.
 you gonna walk around like that?it stinks.
 can you smell that? .
you stink.
how long are you suppose to leave it on for?all day.
 hello.
it's elaine marie benes.
well hello hello so did you ever find out who that woman was?yes , i got her number.
is that elaine?yeah.
hi elaine i guess you figure you're in for a pretty wild night?well , as i said this type of thing is very common in show businesswell listen i'm going to do you want me to stop by?did she say hello?what? i dunno.
i mean , when i said hello did she say hello back?i don't know , who keeps track of hellos.
isn't polite to say hello when somebody says hello?she's coming up.
elaine's coming up?yeah.
 what's wrong, why? how often do you cut your toe nails?i would say every two and a half to eight weeks.
'cos the other night , you know, i was sleeping with marion i rolled over and i cut her ankle with my big toe.
the big toe; the captain.
what?the captain of the toes.
 hello.
jerry jerry listen i got too much stuff this afternoon, i can't come over, forget it.
okay .
too bad.
so humm .
when you gonna call her?soon as i get off the phone wih you.
good luck.
okay , bye what happened , did you take it off?yeah, that was enough.
that's it, you gave up?no no i'm working on a system who was that?that was elaine , she changed her mind.
 she's not coming over.
hello.
hello is this alicia? .
this is jerry seinfeld.
yeah.
this is jerry seinfeld.
 ve ever heard in my life.
 i get the pull back.
yeah it's george.
come on up .
 s he doing here now?so , you blew it?she must be psychotic or something.
let me have her number.
i'm not giving you her number.
i know how to handle these psychotics.
sheriff? what's with the hat? pheeewwww! boy! you stink.
what are doing here now?i have to talk to you about something .
all right lets take a look to see what we got wait a second i think i see something here george.
 lets go to the videotape.
aahh no no what's up?i can't tell ya now , he's gonna be back in a ten seconds.
so just start it.
i can't.
oh! come om .
 he'll be over there for a half hour, he gets lost over there.
 c'mon so what is this about?all right i've become attracted to elaine all right .
sit down george.
kramer, can we do this later no, i got the tape right here.
kramer, let's do this later.
 now this is the tape that we made earlier and i think, that i see.
 a couple of buds right here.
really? you think.
kramer.
 i would like to talk to george for a minute, please.
'bout what?it's kinda private.
like the big toe captain so now you're doing my bits?i'm not doing your bits!!okay , all right.
 i'm gonna take a look at this huh!.
 does she know?no!!how did it happen?i can't say.
well, why can't you say it?because i promised her.
i thought you just said she doesn't know??she doesn't.
so how can you promise her?because she asked me to.
what is this, an abbott and costello routine?all right you really want to know? it all started when she told met hat she was the voice on your tape recorder.
what, elaine?yeah! she made me promise not to tell you .
it's supposed to be a joke.
 that was elaine well let me hear .
 wait a second.
 .
just give me a secondyou heard it fifty times already.
she's my ex-girlfriend i think i have precedenceyeaaaah!!!hi, it's elaine is this a bad time? ll kill me!!okay, okay, i promise.
  s the matter?oooh! i got a pain in my side.
 what are you doing here?i was the one who talked into your tape recorder.
i know, george told me.
you told him!!!!he he threatened me.
where did you come up with all that stuff?that was nothing.
elaine i have to tell you something george no!!no no no no no no no george i'm telling ya what is it?i'm very attracted to you aye i've found a hair!!! yes hey, come here, come here ,take a look at this.
ever since i found out that you let that message on jerry's tape recorder i whoa!!! .
that was you?it was a joke wait t believe that that is you.
aah .
 ll get going heuh.
 huh.
 stick around a while.
it's early.
we'll order chinese.
where'd you meet her?i met her on an elevator.
on an elevator? you met a woman on an elevator?impossible, right?you got less than sixty seconds.
 that's like dismantling a time bomb.
 what got into you?i don't know.
 she was so beautiful, it was like a pure reflex.
 the words just came out of my mouth.
wow.
 what'd you say?you know, i'm the one responsible for those crop circles in england.
wow.
can you believe i did that?what did she say?what crop circles?not a good sign.
not everybody knows what the crop circles are.
 do you know what the crop circles are?crop circles? why don't you buy something?you got something in your teeth there.
what?it's green.
oh, man, it's spinach! i've been walking around like this all afternoon.
did you bump into anybody you knew?i had a job interview.
how'd it go?take a guess.
well, mr.
 costanza, we have nothing available at the present time, but should anything open up, we'll be in touch.
ok, thanks.
what do you need a job, you got audrey.
yeah, right.
what's the matter?oh, nothing.
what?you won't think i'm a bad person?too late for that.
'cause believe me, i would only say this to you and maybe a psychiatrist, maybe.
 well, her nose is a little big.
yeah, she's got a big nose.
i mean, big would even be ok, a little beyond big.
it's a schnoz.
now, i'm aware that my own physical dimensions are perhaps a little short of perfection.
a little.
so who am i to be thinking about someone's nose? i mean, i should be grateful someone like her even looks at me.
 i have no job, nothing.
 but i have to say, i think about the nose.
 i don't want to think about the nose.
 i don't ask to think about the nose, but i think about it.
 i go to bed at night, i tell myself, don't think about the nose, forget the nose, but i think about it.
 i look at her, i see nose.
stop being so concerned with looks.
have you said anything to her about it?i could never do that.
 you know the ironic thing is if she had a smaller nose, i never could have gone out with her in the first place.
 she'd be out of my league with a smaller nose.
 and i really like her, i know that.
 and i know one other thing.
 i'm not getting past that nose.
alright, shut up, here they come.
 how can i not think about it? look at the size of this thing.
so my mother's going out with this guy who leaves a jacket in her house so, you know, she gives it to me.
 well, two years later he shows up and he takes it back.
 and now he's in prison.
 he got arrested for mail fraud.
 so elaine, all you have to do is go over to the apartment, tell the landlord that you're his daughter and you want to bring him the jacket in prison.
won't the landlord know i'm not the daughter?no no, he's never met her.
 she's in california.
are you coming with me?oh, yeah yeah, i have to.
 i'm your fianc&eacute;, peter von nostrand.
why don't you just commit yourself already?what is so special about this jacket?he believes it possesses some extraordinary power over women.
what's the smudge on your hand?oh, i got stamped at the reggae lounge last night.
 yeah, i'm going back there tonight, you know, i'm not gonna pay another cover charge.
what, you didn't wash all day?yeah, i washed, just not the hand.
 you wouldn't believe the women at this club.
 ohh, man.
it's amazing how many beautiful women live in new york.
 i actually find it kind of intimidating.
well, you're as pretty as any of them, you just need a nose job.
kramer!what? what?how could you say something like that?!what? what do you mean? i just said she needs a nose job.
no no, there's nothing wrong with her nose! i'm so sorry, audrey.
no, it's ok.
what did you have to say that for?well, i was just trying to help out.
yeah? well, you can kiss that jacket goodbye, mr.
 von nozzin.
you see what happens when you try to be nice?elaine said i could stay with her another month until tina gets back.
 what are you thinking about?thinking? nothing.
 what could i possibly be thinking?you look like you've got something on your mind.
oh, yeah, right.
 i wish i had something on my mind.
 so how about that kramer, huh?how about him?they way he just says stuff.
he sure does.
yeah.
 yeah, he's quite a character.
so, what did you think?about the pizza?no, about the nose job.
oh, the nose job.
 i don't know, what did you think?well, i've thought about it, but i don't know.
yeah.
 m not suggesting.
i know, they're good.
peter jennings had one.
really?probably.
 they all do.
 in my high school, half my graduating class had them.
 of course, i'm from long island, so uh huh.
it's really nothing, it's like going to the dentist.
i hate the dentist.
it's a cleaning.
so you really think i should do this?if it makes you happy, i don't focus on these things.
 i will tell you this: unfortunately, we live in a very superficial society.
 i don't condone it, but it's a fact of life.
well, maybe i should.
what the hell.
 aw, now you talked her into getting a nose job?me? i didn't say anything.
you encouraged her to get one.
i didn't encourage.
 no encourage.
peter jennings had one?it's possible.
well, i think you should accept her for who she is.
no, george is right.
 i want to get one.
i think it's a mistake.
me too, really.
 unless you'd really like to get one.
i'm going straight to hell, no two ways about it.
well, it might not be hell but you're gonna run into some bad dudes.
 clock.
we have time.
it's exciting, isn't it? she's gonna have a whole new face.
it is exciting.
of course, not as exciting as miss crop circles, but please, please, isabel? she is the most despicable woman i have ever met in my life.
 i have never been so repulsed by someone mentally and so attracted to them physically at the same time.
 it's like my brain is facing my penis in a chess game.
 and i'm letting him win.
you're not letting him win.
 he wins till you're forty.
then what?he still wins but it's not a blowout.
she wants to be an actress.
 she makes me read these moronic acting scenes with her, and i do it because i'm so addicted to the sex, i'm helpless, i'll do anything.
 so finally kramer comes in the other day.
 t got the will power to throw out her number.
 please, help me.
 help me.
 m proud of you.
so i'm never gonna see her again, i'm going cold turkey.
good for you.
i'll tell you, the sex i mean, i was like an animal.
 i mean it was just completely uninhibited.
it's like going to the bathroom in front of a lot of people and not caring.
it's not like that at all.
how do you even know the jacket is there?well i don't, i'm guessing.
okay, look, audrey, before you take the bandage off just remember that i was the one that encouraged you to do this, you know? now that you're gonna be a great beauty, let's not forget how this all began.
 you know, like if you'd listened to your friend, elaine,george?yeah?enough.
alright, are we ready? come on, let's get this show on the road.
are you sure you want us here for this?yes.
shouldn't a doctor do it?no, he said i could do it.
 okay, here goes.
very exciting, very exciting, it's like watching a birth.
it looks good.
great job.
you got butchered.
let's put him over here.
 where are you going? to the doctor!wait, wait, wait, i'll go with you.
how ya feeling?too much salt in my diet.
can i get you anything?nah, i'm good.
you sure? anything?mmm, no.
 boy, it really didn't come out too well, did it?no, it didn't.
 no, it didn't.
it's like, all dented.
seems to be.
well, i'm sure they'll be able to fix it.
 you can't stop modern science.
 can't stop it, you can't stop it.
 can't stop science.
 can't be stopped, no way, no how, science just marches--shut up, george.
shut up?yeah.
interesting.
come on, kramer, seriously, give me her number!i don't have it, i threw it out.
you're lying! you got it, i want that number!i told you, i threw it out.
give it to me!you told me not to give it to you, you made me promise.
well, i changed my mind, i want that number.
you said, no matter what you do or say, i'm not to give you the number.
i was lying, give it to me!no, you told me not to!i want that number!alright! s eating me up inside!the doctor said that they need to build the lateral wall of the septum.
 over here yeah.
you see this perinasal sinus cavity?oh, i got it.
you see how it's collapsing? that's what's causing this huge dent.
yeah, phew.
so anyway, george, do you know what i was thinking about?what?remember we talked about taking a trip together?we did?yeah, we talked about going to hawaii?hawaii?anyway, i think it would be great to get away after all this.
 s a lot of debris constantly flying around.
 wood, and uh, lava, pretty dangerous.
i never heard that.
oh yeah.
 my friend lived there.
we could go to the caribbean.
you know, i have to tell you something.
 you couldn't get me on a plane right now.
 i get those faa reports directly.
 my uncle sends them to me, he used to be a pilot, so.
 big investigation in the, uh, what's the word there, uh, offing.
 it's in the offing.
 but, you know, you shouldn't let that stop you from going.
 you could go.
 i don't mind.
george, i don't think this is working.
ever since you came back from the army, you've changed.
 i swear nelson, i don't even know who you are anymore.
i'm nelson!that's not the line, jerry.
alright, alright, i'm sorry.
 s changed, alma, i just need more time.
i swear, nelson, sometimes at night, when you're not around, i just go crazy thinking about you.
well, you just need to relax.
 maybe a hobby, bowling is fun.
yeah, bowling's good if you're really gross and ugly.
 uh oh.
 my organs are playing chess again.
well i'm getting a little tired of this.
 what do you say we play one for all the marbles?oh brain, what are you doing? you cannot beat me.
 do you have any idea who you're dealing with? forget about it!i can't take her anymore.
 i hate reading her stupid little acting scenes.
oh, so what? so you read from a little play.
 you can't put up with that for an hour to make me happy? you're so selfish.
 give me one hour, then i will take over, you will not have to think for the rest of the night.
what about tomorrow morning? do you have any idea what that's like for me? do you care? no, you don't care.
 so long as you get to do whatever it is you do.
 you disgust me.
oh, go read a book.
enough chatting, let's play.
you know the only reason i'm doing this is because you took audrey to the hospital.
 re clear, you got everything?yeah.
wait wait wait wait wait.
 here.
what do i need this for?because we're engaged.
we're engaged?um hm.
kramer, this is too big.
 s.
hello?oh, uh, hi.
 i'm wanda pepper, i'm albert pepper's daughter.
 my father asked me to come here and pick up his jacket for him.
oh, hello miss pepper, it's a pleasure to meet you.
 and you must be professor von nostrand?yes, yes i am.
i've read your book, professor, and i was quite intrigued by it.
uh, yes.
 well, it's, uh, very intriguing.
tell me, is it your contention that shakespeare was an imposter?my contention?yes, your contention.
yes, that's my contention.
i heard him contend that.
it's too bad about your father.
oh, it was a frame-up.
a fine man, he spoke often of you.
 he's very proud of the work you're doing.
oh, well, we're all proud of the work i'm doing.
she does fine work.
your father gave me strict orders not to turn the jacket over to anyone, but i suppose i can make an exception in your case.
 the closet's this way.
how kind of you.
you know, your father has a very extensive wardrobe.
what's the matter, fella? you look a little tired.
 ha ha ha ha ha!nelson, don't you see? you are a part of me, and i, i am a part of you.
it's killing me.
 that's your move?yeah.
well that's trouble, my friend.
 that's big trouble.
 checkmate! re nothing without me.
 nothing! punk.
isabel, uh, i don't think this is working.
daddy certainly does have an extensive wardrobe.
he is a fine dresser and i'm sure i don't have to tell you he's quite popular with the ladies.
my father, really? i had no idea.
yes, they're crazy about him.
 there was one in particular, came around about two years ago, looked a lot like you, professor.
 could have been your mother.
 what was her name again? carter? kramer! that's it, babsyou don't say?i found it!the woman used to walk around here half naked, sucking colt from a can.
 her big fat stomach hanging out, orthopedic hose up to her knees, screaming down the hall, come back to bed, albert, you big hairy ape, and bring back that box of danish!'so i grabbed the guy by the collar.
yeah, and i yelled out, kramer! kramer, you're killing him!'so i assume the jig was up.
yeah, pretty much.
hi.
hi!hey.
 hello.
 t believe it! well, it was his doctor.
 he was wonderful.
so, will i see you later tonight?not sure.
 ready? t wash.
neither did i.
 we're off to the reggae lounge.
 s like-- elaine.
 shut up.
 how did you get fleas? because my cousin's imbecile dog was rolling around outside and they got in his carpet.
 maybe you can get yourself a little bowtie flea collar.
 that's not funny.
 so, are you coming to the party? i'd go, but long island, it's so far out, it smacks of desperation.
 the whole party, everyone's gonna be saying to me, you came all the way out from manhattan for this?' you know ava's gonna be there.
 who? the nice one that works in my office.
 nah.
 i'll drive.
 oh, well, now you're talking.
 it's supposed to be a good party.
 what does that mean, good dip? no, there'll be girls there.
 there's girls everywhere.
 i go out of my apartment, there's girls in the elevator.
 they're in cafeterias, subways, so what? there's a hundred different things here.
 what's the difference between these two? you got propylparabin? got it.
 you got isobutane- ? i got isobutane- .
 a-ha.
 you got sorbitant sesquioliate? got it.
 i have aloe! you got aloe? i love aloe.
 where do they make yours? jersey.
 white plains.
 girls.
 there's girls right here in the store.
 look, look, there's one over there.
 look, there's another one.
 soon as i walk outside there'll be girls out there.
 what's the matter? i gave her a twenty, she only gave me change for a ten.
 are you sure? oh boy, here we go.
 excuse me, i gave you a twenty dollar bill and you only actually gave me change for a ten.
 you gave me a ten.
 i'm positive i gave you a twenty.
 i know what you gave me.
 you owe me ten dollars.
 will you please step aside? next? alright, let's just examine the situation for a second.
 who, in this situation, would be more likely to make a mistake? me, who had access to my wallet, knew exactly what was in there? or you-- you.
 no, no, no, see you're not really listening.
 what's the problem here? no problem.
 there's no problem.
 she just owes me ten dollars, that's all.
 he's claiming short.
 alright, let's just take it outside.
 oh, so you don't believe me either? come on, let's go.
 you haven't won.
 you may think you've won, but you haven't won.
 do you know why? it's not over.
 this is not over.
 i'm not forgetting what's happening here.
 you have my ten dollars.
 i will get it back.
 alright, don't worry.
 it's not over.
 i'm going now.
 good bye.
 i will be back.
 well don't stand here, let's walk in, blend in, blend in.
 no, let's survey first.
 camp here.
 eva.
 what could possess anyone to throw a party? i mean, to have a bunch of strangers treat your house like a hotel room.
 so, guess who just sold west st.
 oh no you didn't.
 get out, when? yesterday i don't believe it.
 ask mark.
 mark, is this true? yeah, this has got disaster written all over it.
 how did i ever let you talk me into this, i must have been out of my mind.
 now listen, let's keep an eye on each other tonight.
 in case one of us gets in a bad conversation, we should have a signal that you're in trouble so the other one can get us out of it.
 how old are you? thirty-six.
 what's the signal? howbout this? chicken wing? no, no, no, i got a better one.
 head patting.
 whatever you want.
 you came all the way out from manhattan for this? yeah, yeah i did.
 so what do you do? m a comedian.
 are you? lemme ask you something.
 where do you get your material? i hear a voice.
 what kind of voice? a man's voice, but he speaks in german so i have to get a translator.
 how come you keep tapping your head.
 it's a nervous tic.
 i'm on l-dopa.
 on the other hand, you take a guy like george washington carver.
 the man devoted his whole life to the peanut.
 imagine having so much passion for something.
 ya know, people tell me i'm a funny guy.
 i've often wondered if he ever worked with the pecan.
 yeah, me too.
 now is that considered a nut, because i know the cashew is a legume.
 how's it going? great, how about you? i can't believe what's happening here.
 she hasn't taken her hands off me all night.
 she was always friendly around the office, but that was it.
 how do you account for this? i don't know, maybe a safe fell on her head.
 well, she obviously liked you all along.
 no, i would have picked up on it.
 i can always tell when a woman likes me, they always somehow let you know.
 with me, they could torture me, i wouldn't tell them.
 if anything i'd try to make them think i don't like them, then they think, oh, look at this guy, he's not even looking at me, he must have something going for him.
' anyway, i'm ready to go.
 now? if not now, when? gimme a half-hour.
 okay, half-hour.
 peanut brittle, peanut butter, peanut oil  can i talk to you for a second? oh, excuse me.
 m a mental patient.
 hey, i was dying over there.
 this guy's going off on the peanut.
 now pay attention.
 yeah, i think i've seen you in a club.
 you talk about a lot of everyday things, right? right.
 yeah, i remember you.
 i wonder what happened to my fianc&eacute;.
 i know he's here somewhere.
 ellen? have you seen my fianc&eacute;? he's upstairs.
 are you going upstairs? tell my fianc&eacute; i'm looking for him.
 i havelost my fianc&eacute;, the poor baby.
 maybe the dingo ate your baby.
 what? the dingo ate your baby! you ready? listen, i have a tremendous favor to ask.
 i do favors.
 i think something's happening here.
 what? i think she wants me to take her home.
 wow.
 what should i do? go! what could you do? what about you and elaine? we'll get a ride.
 are you sure? we'll be fine, what did she say? she told me she wants-- she told me she wants me to make love to her.
 what? she said that? yeah.
 get out of here.
 i swear.
 what did you say? i, i, i can't.
 what did you say? please, it's-- what? i i i long for you.
 i long for you? i was so shocked i was lucky i said anything.
 it's okay, that's not bad.
 i don't like when a woman says, make love to me', it's intimidating.
 the last time a woman said that to me, i wound up apologizing to her.
 really? that's a lot of pressure.
 make love to me.
 what am i, in the circus? what if i can't deliver? oh, come on.
 i can't perform under pressure.
 that's why i never play anything for money, i choke.
 i could choke tonight.
 and she works in my office, can you imagine? she goes around telling everyone what happened? maybe i should cancel, i have a very bad feeling about this.
 george, you're thinking too much.
 i know, i know, i can't stop it! well, right now i'm reading manuscripts for pendant publishing.
 pendant? those bastards.
 excuse me.
 listen, george is going home with this ava from his office really? huh.
 what a world.
 so we can go now? uh, no, he's taking the car.
 well, what are we gonna do for a ride? i don't know.
 you don't know? maybe kramer can come pick us up.
 oh great, oh, this is great.
 how could you let him take the car? there's nothing i could do, it's part of the code.
 s wearing? yeah, yeah, alright.
 i can't believe she's walking around in that.
 just don't make a scene.
 hey, is that real fur? oh boy.
 it better be or my ex-husband owes me an explanation.
 yeah, good night.
 you don't care that innocent defenseless animals are being tortured so that you can look good? could we talk about this some other time? are you a vegetarian? here we go.
 yeah, i eat fish occasionally.
 so you're a hypocrite.
 hey, i've eaten frogs, so nobody's perfect.
 anyway- well, talk to me when you stop eating fish.
 fish don't feel any pain.
 how do you know? do you communicate with fish? well, they're not kept in little cages.
 ever seen a goldfish? goldfish.
 yeah, yeah i've seen goldfish.
 they're not unhappy.
 oh yeah, right.
 swim around in a bowl for two weeks and get flushed down the toilet, that's a good life.
 s go.
 oh yeah, that's right.
 go ahead, go ahead, maybe you can run over a squirrel! that's why we're here in america.
 you're beautiful.
 call kramer.
 alright.
 excuse me, this is your party, right? no, i just live here.
 can i use your phone? what's in it for me? a bigger bill? he he, go for it.
 krame? sein.
 what are you doing? well, i'm stuck out here on long island.
 what are your thoughts about taking a ride? you sure? okay, but don't leave me hanging here.
 okay, great.
 let me give you directions.
 you sure you don't need any help? no, not really.
 i'm sure he'll be here any minute.
 i want them out of here.
 call him again.
 i called, what should i do? we really appreciate this.
 clock in the morning.
 oh, you got the civil war book.
 i saw some of that show, it was wonderful.
 six hundred and twenty million people died.
 thousand.
 thousand.
 six hundred and twenty thousand.
 the horror, the horror.
 the wife keeps giving us dirty looks.
 are you sure you gave him the right directions? yes.
 s nothing we can do? no! i am not going to bed with them in our house, this is ridiculous.
 you know a friend of my father's used to live right around here.
 mike wichter.
 he sold plastic straws.
 you know the ones? you could bend them.
 have you noticed, people don't use straws as much as they used to for some reason.
 you know, it doesn't look as if your friend is coming.
 oh, he's coming.
 maybe you should take a look at a train schedule.
 that's him.
 i'm going to bed! thanks a lot.
 thanks, great party.
 hey, how ya doing? ah, look who's here.
 i'm sorry.
 hey, it's okay.
 i had the directions on the seat right next to me, they flew out the window.
 then how did you find the place? well i knew the exit on the long island expressway, and i thought that the address was riviera drive.
 uh uh, so i drove around knocking on everybody's doors that had those numbers; , , , , whoo.
 finally, i hit it.
 .
 anyway, thanks a lot for letting us stay here, steve, i really owe you one.
 no problem.
 and if you're ever in the city, you know, you want to come to a comedy club, whatever.
 hey, i might take you up on that.
 s my address and number.
 and really, thanks again.
 t get the top on the convertible up.
 but it's cold out.
 yeah, wait till we get on the expressway.
 george, i've been sick all week.
 elaine was too.
 eighty miles an hour, forty degree temperature for fifty minutes.
 do the math.
 yeah, maybe i will get out.
 hey, let me just stop off at the drug store first.
 okay, meet me down there in fifteen minutes then we'll go do something.
 yeah, selwyn's.
 okay bye.
 who is it? mr.
 pocatello.
 who? you mean you don't recognize my voice? jerry, baby! do i know you? boy this comedy's really frying your brain.
 i'm sorry, uh- see, this is the kind of lasting impression i make on people.
 oh, okay.
 you said if i was ever in the city, i'm in the city.
 you certainly are.
 what's going on? i'm just waiting for a lift back to the island, he won't be ready until eleven, so i figured i'd give you a break.
 i thought i'd see what it was like to hang out with someone in show business.
 listen, i'm really sorry but i'm just on my way out to meet a friend.
 oh, come on, you can come up with something better than that.
 no, really, i just got off the phone with him.
 i understand.
 look, you can hang out here if you want.
 don't be so enthusiastic.
 no, it's- i'm not gonna steal anything.
 no, of course not, just close the door when you leave.
 i think i can do that.
 really, i'm sorry.
 maybe another time.
 yeah.
 let's have lunch.
 they guy's in my house right now.
 what a mistake that party was, i never should have gone.
 yeah, me either.
 oh, come on.
 what come on? have you ever dated a woman that worked in your office? i've never had a job.
 you know the anxiety you feel on a date? that's what i have every day now.
 my worst nightmare's come true, every day is a date.
 that's one of dante's nine stages of hell, isn't it? ava was one of the reasons i used to like going to work, she was a friend.
 now we sleep together and suddenly, i don't know how to talk to her.
 every time i go to the bathroom i pass her desk.
 i have to plan little patter.
 i spend half my day writing.
 then afterwards, i sit in my office and analyze how it went.
 if it was a good conversation, i don't go to the bathroom for the rest of the day.
 i see her laughing and talking with other people, they're all so loose and relaxed, i think, that used to be me.
 i want to go back there again.
' what are you gonna do? i have no choice, i'm quitting.
 the party, long island? kramer, right? hey, what are you doing here? i'm waiting for my ride.
 where's jerry? he split.
 let me ask you something.
 is there anything to drink in here or is that, like, a stupid question? well, jerry, he doesn't have anything.
 well, but i might have something.
 alright, i'm gonna get this.
 this looks good.
 how much is that? nine sixty.
 nine sixty? give it to me.
 why? don't worry, i got it.
 what do you mean, you got it? i got it.
 since when are you treating me to medicine? what are you doing? you're stealing this, aren't you? i'm not stealing it.
 they owe me ten dollars.
 they stole from me.
 you're a lunatic.
 i have to do this, it's a matter of honor.
 what do you say to a person like you? just walk.
 oh.
 scuse me.
 what do you got there? what? what do you got in your shirt? oh, i was gonna pay for this.
 come with me.
 where are you taking me? i was gonna pay for it.
um-hmm.
 you don't think i remember you? what are you talking about? i know who you are, i was watching you.
 what are you gonna do? are you gonna call the police? can i still buy this or is this evidence now? so, i'm chasing these doves down the street and she's screaming at the top of her lungs, and then when the magician comes back from europe, two of them turned brown! well i followed the instructions! so let me ask you something, you know any women we could call? not really.
 maybe we should call one of those escort services.
 i saw one of them advertised before on the cable station.
 -love.
 hey, you want in on this? no, i got a girl in the next building now i want my money, mister, and i ain't leaving until i get it.
 now i am through playing games with you, i got things to do.
 s jerry what the hell? jerry, this is patti.
 nice to meet you.
 it's a pleasure to make your acquaintance, i'm sure.
 what the hell is going on here? i don't know, but i gotta do this more often.
 s my ride, finally.
 i'm not gonna go anywhere until i get the rest of my money.
 see ya, jerr.
 and tell kramer thanks and i'll call him tomorrow.
 oh, kramer huh? yeah, he's a hoot.
 oh, goodbye, my dear.
 re having another party.
 i ain't leaving.
 patti? you got anything to drink? alright, how much does he owe you? fifty dollars.
 fifty dollars.
 this your apartment? yeah, but-- you're under arrest for solicitation of prostitution.
 wait a second, i-- i brought you chicken soup.
 is that real fur? oh boy.
 you had sgt.
 chadway? me too.
 he was a nice guy.
 oh, great guy.
 was there a red-headed guy there? the one with the long sideburns? yeah.
 where does he come off? yeah, i know.
 there's no call for that kind of attitude.
 one of the guys in my cell threw a piece of gum at him.
 oh, we all hated him.
do you believe this? the car was parked right out front.
was the alarm on?i don't know, i guess it was on.
 i don't know my alarm sound; i'm not tuned in to it like it's my son.
i don't understand, how do these thieves start the car?they cross the wires or something.
cross the wires? i can't even make a pot of spaghetti.
they stole my car.
who did?they did.
was it more than just one?what should i do, should i call the police?what are they gonna do?i'd better call the car phone company, cancel my service.
maybe you should call your car phone.
yeah, he's probably driving it right now.
wait a minute, call the car phone, see what happens.
are you serious?yeah, go ahead, call.
i don't even know if i remember the number.
what do i say if he picks up?hello?hello? is this - ?i have no idea.
can i ask you a question?sure.
did you steal my car?yes i did.
you did?!i did.
that's my car!i didn't know it was yours.
what are you gonna do with it?i dunno, drive around.
then can i have it back?mmmm, nah, i'm gonna keep it.
hello?yeah, who's this?kramer.
hello, kramer.
listen, there's a pair of gloves in the glove compartment.
wait, hold on brown ones?yeah.
 listen, could you mail those to me? or bring them by my building, it's west st st.
one-two-nine, okay.
thanks a lot, uh here's jerry.
 hello?jerry?yeah, let me ask you a question.
 how do you cross those wires?i didn't cross any wires, the keys were in it.
sid left the keys in the car.
 alright, i gotta go.
 drive carefully.
jerry, when's the last time you had a tune-up? because i can't find the--sid left the keys in the car.
who's sid?he's this guy in the neighborhood, parks cars on the block.
what do you mean?he moves them from one side of the street to the other so you don't get a ticket.
what, do you pay him for that?yeah, like fifty bucks a month.
how many people does he do that for?the whole block, forty, fifty cars.
he only works three hours a day.
 he makes a fortune.
 course he's been doing that for years, right jerry?could anybody do that?hey sid, what happened?i'm sorry, jerry.
 maybe i'm getting too old for this stuff.
you left the keys in the car?well, you know they're making that woody allen movie in the block, and all those people and trucks everywhere, when i saw him i must have got a little distracted.
you know i'm in that movie?you are?yeah, i'm an extra.
how'd you get that?well, i was just watching them film yesterday and some guy just asked me.
right out of the clear blue sky?clear blue sky!well, why didn't they ask me?i got a quality.
jerry, you got insurance, right?yeah, but no car.
 i'll have to rent one.
well i'm going down to visit my sister in virginia next wednesday, for a week, so i can't park it.
this wednesday?no, next wednesday, week after this wednesday.
but the wednesday two days from now is the next wednesday.
if i meant this wednesday, i would have said this wednesday.
 it's the week after this wednesday.
sid, who's gonna move the cars while you're away?whoever wants to move them, why do i care who moves them? they can move themselves if they want.
maybe i could move them until you get back.
what's a young man like you want to move cars for? you don't work?i'm in a transition phase right now.
well if you want to move the cars, move the cars.
 just don't forget to take the keys out, that's all.
hello? yeah, the defroster's the one on the bottom, just slide it all the way over.
 you're welcome.
i'm in awe of his intellect, when he talks it sounds like he's reading from one of his novels.
owen march, i never heard of him.
well, he's not a baseball player.
yeah, that's true.
 well it sounds like it's going pretty good.
yeah.
 well, there is one little problem.
what's that?he's sixty-six years old.
next please.
well, go, go.
can i help you? name please?seinfeld.
 i made a reservation for a mid-size, and she's a small.
 i'm kidding around, of course.
okay, let's see here.
sixty-six years old?yeah, well, he's in perfect health.
 he works out, he's vibrant.
 you'd really like him.
why do people always say that? i hate everyone, why would i like him?what do you think, would you go out with a sixty-six year old woman?well, i'll tell you, she would have to be really vibrant.
 so vibrant, she'd be spinning.
i'm sorry, we have no mid-size available at the moment.
i don't understand, i made a reservation, do you have my reservation?yes, we do, unfortunately we ran out of cars.
but the reservation keeps the car here.
 that's why you have the reservation.
i know why we have reservations.
i don't think you do.
 if you did, i'd have a car.
 see, you know how to take the reservation, you just don't know how to the reservation and that's really the most important part of the reservation, the holding.
 anybody can just take them.
let me, uh, speak with my supervisor.
uh, here we go.
 the supervisor.
 you know what she's saying over there?what?hey marge, you see those two people over there? they think i'm talking to you, so you pretend like you're talking to me, okay now you start talking.
oh, you mean like this? so it looks like i'm saying something but i'm not really saying anything at all?now you say something else and they won't yell at me cause they thought i was checking with you.
okay, that's it.
 i think that's enough, see you later.
i'm sorry, my supervisor says there's nothing we can do.
yeah, it looked as if you were in a real conversation over there.
but we do have a compact if you would like that.
fine.
alright.
 we have a blue ford escort for you mr.
 seinfeld.
 would you like insurance?yeah, you better give me the insurance, because i am gonna beat the hell out of this car.
please fill this out.
what do you think, you think i'm making a big mistake?hey, if you enjoy being with him, that's what's important.
i love being with him.
 i mean, i like being with him.
 it's okay being with him.
i just don't enjoy being with him.
well that's what's important.
i'm meeting him for lunch at chadway's around the corner, do i have to break up with him face to face or can i just wait and do it over the phone?how many times you been out with him?seven?face to face.
seven dates is a face-to-face break up?if it was six i could have let you go, but seven, i'm afraid, is over the limit.
 unless, of course, there was no sex.
hmm how's the pasta over there?whoa, whoa!!what is going on out there?i need like a bucket of water! i got a car overheating, i got an alarm that won't go off, i'm pressing one', i'm pressing two', nothing! what do i do?! help me! help me!hey, you know they were supposed to do my scene today?today?!you know they told me that they wanted me to walk down the block carrying this bag of groceries.
yeah.
so i start to walk, and i trip, and the grocery bag goes flying, and woody, woody starts laughing.
he was laughing?!oh yeah, he was drinking something, it started to come out of his nose.
so then what?i got a line in the movie!get out!that's great!you got a line in the woody allen movie?pretty good, huh?you're in the movie? is he in the scene?oh yeah, yeah, it's me and him.
 i might have a whole new career on my hands, huh?you mean career.
so was mia farrow there?uh, i didn't see him.
what's your line?oh, well uh, okay i'm there with, uh, woody, you know, i'm at this bar and, uh, i'm sit-- you know it's woody allen, did i mention that?so i'm sitting there with woody and i say, i turn to him and i go, boy, these pretzels are making me thirsty.
'is that how you're gonna say it?no, no, i'm working on it.
do it like this.
 these pretzels are making me thirsty.
'no.
 these pretzels are making me thirsty.
'no, no.
 see, that's no good.
 see, you don't know how to act.
'these pretzels are making me thirsty!!'that was no good?i didn't say anything.
i'm gonna go break up with owen.
what was wrong with that? i had a different interpretation! do you know anything about this pretzel guy?! maybe he's been in the bar a really long time and he's really depressed because he has no job and no woman and he's parking cars for a living! m coming down! these pretzels are making me thirsty!oh my god.
call an ambulance.
boy, he took it hard.
we were walking down the block right by your house and i was just about to break up with him then all of a sudden he started to twitch.
 hello? yes, i need an ambulance at one twenty nine west eighty-first street, apartment five-a.
tell then to hurry! hurry! s unconscious.
these pretzels are making me thirsty.
 boy, these pretzels are making me thirsty.
kramer.
what happened here?i don't know, i don't know, what should we do? we called an ambulance, does anyone know first aid?shouldn't you do something with the extremities?what extremities?what's an extremity?you raise the feet, get blood to the head.
you raise the head, you get blood to the feet.
okay, what about a cold compress? they always do that.
i don't have a washcloth.
well use a paper towel.
you can't put a paper towel on his head.
what about a big sponge?how you gonna hold it on there?use a belt.
no no no no no, that'll, it'll drip all over him.
should we walk him around? yes, yes.
yeah, i've seen them do that.
no, no that's for a drug overdose.
maybe that's what he's got.
no no no no, kramer, i just had lunch with him, he didn't leave the table.
well he could have dropped acid when you weren't looking.
he is not a drug addict!hey, you know what? maybe he's a diabetic, he might just need a cookie or something.
a cookie!can you give him a cookie?how's he gonna chew it?we'll move his teeth, it happened to my uncle, the sugar revived him.
careful, you're getting crumbs all over him.
i got him chewing but i don't think he's gonna swallow.
you know what, let's put a few cookies in a blender and he could drink it.
cookies don't liquefy.
yes they do, you can liquefy a cookie.
alright i'll get a blender.
what blender? i don't have a blender.
you got a blender.
i would know if i had a blender.
where is the ambulance?! hello, yes, i called for an ambulance like thirty-five minutes ago.
i can't believe what's going on out here.
this is an emergency, what's taking so long? hello?paramedics.
come on up.
 okay, they're here.
he seems to be breathing.
ya know, i gotta tell you, he's a pretty good-looking guy.
i know.
those eyebrows could use a trimming, you ever mention that to him?almost.
hey, look at this, c'mon, running wild there.
it's not an easy thing to bring up.
yeah, that's true.
aw, you should see his bathrobe, man, it's all silk.
yeah? does he wear slippers? i bet he wears slippers.
he does, how'd you know that?i could tell.
what happened, what took you so long?!we got here twenty minutes ago but we couldn't move, the whole intersection is gridlocked, i've never seen anything like it.
 so finally we make the turn and this guy who's running around triple-parking cars slammed into us with a blue escort.
blue escort? that's my rent-a-car!oh man.
what happened to the car?sorry, you don't know what's going on out there! s he?this guy i'm seeing.
what happened?we don't know!who put cookies in his mouth?cookies?you're not supposed to do that.
so how'd you hit the car?i was moving it across the street, i looked up and i saw woody allen and i got all distracted.
it's not even my car, it's a rental.
what are you doing out there?! you're holding up the production of the movie! we can't shoot and woody, he's really mad at you.
woody mentioned me? what did he say?he said, who's the moron in the blue jacket who's got the street all screwed up?'should i apologize to woody?alright, i'll tell you what.
 next time i talk to him, maybe i'll bring it up.
 i'll feel him out.
now you didn't tell me you didn't know how to drive.
 you should have mentioned that.
well i know how to drive.
then how'd all those cars get damaged? why are people calling me up screaming on the phone? most of them cancelled out on me.
can i get anybody anything?moving cars from one side of the street to the other don't take no more sense than putting on a pair of pants.
 my question to you is who's putting your pants on?i put my pants on, sid.
i don't believe you.
 if you can put your pants on, you can move those cars.
well i don't want to get into a big dispute about the pants.
who's gonna send money to my sister in virginia? her little boy needs surgery on his foot.
 now he'll be walking around with a limp because you can't park a few cars.
maybe i could call my father.
hey, you seen the paper yet?interestingly enough, no, inasmuch as it is my paper.
yeah.
 there's an article in there about that writer.
 owen march, prominent author and essayist suffered a stroke yesterday in the upper west side apartment of a friend.
uh huh, that's the guy that was here.
 you're the friend.
 the extent of the damage would have been far less severe had paramedics been able to reach him sooner.
oh lord.
 the commotion also delayed production of a woody allen movie that was shooting up the block.
 a spokeswoman for the legendary filmmaker said that mr.
 allen was extremely agitated and wondered if his days of shooting movies in new york were over.
five seconds.
 jerry, i was five seconds away from breaking up with him.
 five seconds.
 the next words out of my mouth were, owen, it's over.
'can he communicate?yeah, well, he nods.
 and i think he understands me, he seems to enjoy it when i read to him.
alright, she's free.
 hi, i called before, uh, my car got smashed.
so listen, what should i do? i mean if i break up with him now it'll look like i'm abandoning him because of his condition, i'll be ostracized from the community.
what community? there's a community?of course there's a community.
all these years i'm living in a community, i had no idea.
sir the estimate on the damage to your car is two thousand eight hundred and sixty-six dollars.
hmm, well, i got the insurance and everything so yes, now, uh, in your report you said that you were not the driver of the car at the time of the accident.
that is right, somebody else was driving.
alright, well, sir, you're only covered for when you're driving the car.
uh huh, what's that?you're not covered for other drivers.
other drivers?um hm.
your whole business is based on other drivers.
 it's a rented car.
 that's who's driving it, other drivers.
 doesn't my credit card cover me or something?not that particular one.
well i got a hundred cards, here, pick a card, take a card, any card you want, go ahead, whichever one, i don't care.
sir, if you had read the rental agreement--did you see the size of that document? it's like the declaration of independence, who's gonna read that?mr.
 seinfeld, as it stands right now, you are not covered for that damage and there is absolutely nothing that can be done about that.
these pretzels are making me thirsty.
ahh, it's good, isn't it? yankee bean.
 why yankee bean, huh? don't they have beans in the south? i mean if you order yankee bean in the south, are they offended? huh? t be friends.
 these pretzels are making me thirsty.
can you die from an odor? i mean, like if you were locked in a vomitorium for two weeks, could you actually die from the odor?an overdose of odor? good question.
do i smell?no no no no, i was just down on the forty-second street subway today, it is disgusting.
 guess who i bumped into.
 owen.
ahh.
he's alright?yeah, he's almost fully recovered.
 he told me he was just using me for sex.
let me get that.
no no no, i got it.
please.
no come on, let me, let me.
 i smashed your car, it cost you over two thousand dollars, yeah, a cup of coffee should cover it.
what are you doing here?i got fired from the movie.
get out of here, why?well, you know they were gonna shoot it today, and uh, we rehearsed it twice, then woody yells action! and i turn to him and i say, these pretzels are making me thirsty and i took a swig of beer, ya know, and i slammed the glass down on the bar and it shattered.
aww.
well, one of the pieces must have hit woody.
 he started crying.
 and he yells out, i'm bleeding and he runs off.
 anyway, this woman, she came up to me and she says, you're fired.
 boy i really nailed that scene.
aw, wait a--.
 oh.
 oh, for crying out loud.
oh yeah, like you know what you're talking about.
like you do.
well what do you think? they put the statue on a giant raft and a tugboat pulled it all the way from france?what do you think? the brought it over in pieces and screwed it together like a coffee table?i don't know.
 it's too early for a christmas party isn't it?why did france give that to us anyway?it was a gift.
so countries just exchange gifts like that?if they like each other.
there's elaine.
see that guy he's talking with? that's her new boyfriend.
really? they work here in the office?yeah.
 they're having a little fling so don't say anything.
who am i going to tell? my mother? like i've got nothing better to talk about.
you don't.
 he's a recovering alcoholic.
really?yeah.
 he's been off the wagon for two years.
'off the wagon'?i think it's off the wagon.
i think it's on the wagon'.
jerry, george, what are you doing here?what am i doing here? ba-boom  my god! my watch! you found my watch! hey keep your hands to yourself if you know what's good for you.
where did you find it?under the sofa cushion.
and you stopped by just to give it to me?it's your christmas present.
i though i'd never find it.
well today's your lucky day.
no.
 today's lucky day.
it will be my first one.
you want to work here?huh?yeah one of the readers left and there's a job opening.
 dick, this is jerry and this is george.
hi nice to meet you.
 is this the guy?'the guy?' dick.
how can you just get it?my boss told me to find someone.
 i'm in charge of it.
 all you have to do is meet him.
 come on.
 come on, come on, here hold my drink.
cranberry juice?and vodka.
i got the cranberry juice.
so you're jerry.
so i'm jerry.
  so have you ever done this kind of work before?well, you know, book reports.
 that kind of stuff.
how do you read?i like mike lubika.
mike lubika?he's a sports writer for the daily news.
 i find him very insightful no, no, no.
 i mean authors.
lot of good ones.
 i don't even want to mention anyone because i'm afraid i'm going to leave somebody out.
name a couple.
who do i like? i, like, uh, art, vandelay.
art vandelay?he's an obscure writer.
 betnik, on the village.
what has he written?venetian blinds.
 m funnier than you are.
why don't get we together new years day and watch some football.
where's my drink?there.
 so, how did it go?i think he was impressed.
no, no, no, this is just cranberry juice.
oh, uh, i think maybe dick picked up yours.
dick? he can't drink.
 he's an alcoholic.
 i told you to hold it.
i didn't know you meant it, i thought you meant hold it.
one drink like that and he could fall right off the wagon.
told you.
i never feel comfortable in the women's department.
 i feel like i'm just a too close to trying on a dress.
do i really have to buy her something?hey the woman got you a job.
 the least you could do is buy her a gift.
 how about this?what is that? is that cashmere?yeah.
 she would love cashmere.
who doesn't like cashmere? find me one person in the world that doesn't like cashmere.
 it's too expensive.
look at this.
 it's dollars marked down from .
wow.
 excuse me, miss?yes?how come this sweater is only dollars? oh, here.
 this is why.
what? i don't see anything.
see this red dot?oh yeah.
oh it's damaged.
  s not really damaged.
 dollars huh?there's no exchanges on this.
you think she would care about the red dot?it's hard to say.
i don't even think she'd notice it.
 can you see it?well i can see it.
yeah, but you know where it is.
well what do you want me to do? not look at it?pretend you didn't know it was there.
 can you see it?it's hard to pretend because i know where it is.
well just take an overview.
 can't you just take an overview?you want me to take an overview?please.
i see a very cheap man holding a sweater trying to get away with something.
 that's my overview.
yeah so?he's acting very strangely.
 i think he started drinking again.
oh boy, can you smell it?no.
 i can't smell it.
well if you can't smell it then he hasn't been drinking.
you don't always smell someone from a drink.
yes you do.
what about one drink? would you smell it from one drink?yes you would.
i'll prove it.
 would you do me a favor?okay.
would you take a drink and let us smell you?you can smell me without the drink.
i suspect that this guy i'm seeing might be drinking but i can't smell it.
okay, well what am i drinking? what do you got?i got a bottle of scotch my uncle gave me.
 it's hennigans.
 it's been here for two years.
 i've been using it as a paint thinner.
all right.
i don't smell anything.
maybe we're too close to the bottle.
yeah.
 s george.
come on up.
that is good scotch.
 i could do a commercial for this stuff.
 mmmmm, boy that hennigans goes down smooth.
 and afterwords you don't even smell.
 that's right folks.
 i just had three shots of hennigans and i don't smell.
 imagine, you can walk around drunk all day.
 that's hennigans, the no-smell, no-tell scotch.
hello everybody.
hey.
 m going to tell you.
 i think that you are terrific.
 thank you.
hey what's that?it's an early christmas present.
christmas present? for who?for you.
 get out of here.
say you got a big job interview, and you're a little nervous.
 well throw back a couple shots of hennigans and you'll be as loose as a goose and ready to roll in no time.
 and because it's odorless, why, it will be our little secret.
 h-e-double n kramer.
 yeah that'll do.
 oh george, this is beautiful.
 is this cashmere?of course it's cashmere.
oh, i love cashmere.
well who doesn't.
my, george this must have cost a fortune.
ahh, money.
jerry, how could you let him spend so much money?i tried to stop him.
 i couldn't.
 he just wants to make people happy.
george, this is one of the nicest things anyone has ever given me.
well good, good.
 take it off you're going to wear it out already.
 it's for special occasions this thing.
what's that red dot on your sweater?what?just take it off.
 i'm getting hot just looking at it.
uhh.
 this.
 it's like a red dot.
what red dot? what are you talking about? jerry come here for a second.
 do you see anything here? t know.
what don't you know?i don't know.
well do you see it or don't you?ahem.
 say that again?do you see it or don't you?do i see it or don't i? that's the question.
now what did you ask me again.
you're still here.
 you're a dynamo.
i can't believe i get paid for this.
i'll see you tomorrow.
how you doing?hello.
you had sex with the cleaning woman on your desk? who are you, how did you do that?hennigans.
 i was there sitting in the office and the cleaning woman comes in.
 i've always been attracted to cleaning women.
 cleaning women, chambermaids.
yeah chambermaids, i'm attracted to them too.
why is that?it's a woman in your room.
 so go ahead.
so she starts vaccuming, back and forth, back and forth, her hips swivelling, her breasts, uh convulsing?convulsing?i don't know, i'm trying to help you.
then i asked her if she wanted a drink.
you don't drink.
i know but i couldn't think of anything else to say to her.
so you started drinking.
so we started drinking, and i'll tell you i don't know if it was the alcohol or the ammonia, but the next think i knew she was mopping the floor with me.
so how was it?well the sex was okay, but i threw up from the hennigans.
good thing the cleaning lady was there.
dick was fired.
you mean to tell me if i had put that drink six inches over to the right, and none of this would have happened.
you knew he was an alcoholic.
 why'd you put the drink down at all?what are you saying?i'm not saying anything.
you're saying something.
what could i be saying?well you're not saying nothing you must be saying something.
if i was saying something i would have said it.
well why don't you say it?i said it.
what did you say?nothing.
 it's exhausting being with you.
yeah? s george.
come on up.
hey, let me ask you something something.
 did george buy that sweater knowing the red dot was on it because it was cheaper? ooookay, you just gave me the answer.
no i didn't.
yes you did, yes you did.
 i saw your expression.
i didn't have an expression.
 i have a deviated septum.
 i have to open my mouth sometimes to breathe.
how much did he save?frankly i am shocked that you would ask such a question s what you were seeing.
i have to talk to elaine.
 this cleaing lady is turning the screws on me.
 she's pushing for this whole relationship thing.
 she keeps calling me, threatening to go to the boss with this thing, i could lose my job, i gotta do something to keep her quiet.
elaine is in the bathroom.
 she's wise to whole red dot thing.
 she's asking me all kinds of questions.
did you tell her anything?no.
do you swear?i'm not swearing.
 i don't want to swear.
oh you told her didn't you.
no.
hey george, did you buy that sweater knowing that red dot was on it because you could get it at a discount?what? did i what?you did didn't you.
elaine, i'm, i'm shocked.
 i'm shocked.
 here i go out in the spirit of the season and spend all my savings to buy you the most beautiful christmas sweater i have ever seen to show my appreciation to you at christmas and this is the thanks that i get at christmas.
well jerry told me that you did.
you told her? how could you tell her? i told you not to say anything.
i didn't tell her you stupid idiot.
 she tricked you.
elaine you don't understand.
 i had temperature when i bought that sweater.
 i was so dizzy i was seeing red dots everywhere.
 i thought everything in the store had a red dot on it.
 i couldn't distinguish one red dot from another.
 i couldn't afford anything.
 i have nothing.
 i haven't worked for a really long time.
 s just a little red dot.
this is for you.
oh, georgie, you bought this for me? oh i knew you cared for me.
as you care for me.
 which is why it is very important that you never breathe a word of this to anyone about the you know.
 what, with clarence thomas and everything.
okay, okay, can i open it now?yes of course go ahead.
 my guess is you're going to like this very much.
oh! is that cashmere?of course it's cashemere.
a cashmere sweater.
 oh georgie porgie!just a little something for christmas.
when i was a little girl in panama, a rich american came to our town and he was wearing the softest most beautiful sweater.
 i said to him, what do you call this most beautiful fabric?', and he said they call it cashmere'.
 i repeated the words cashmere, cashmere'.
 i asked if i could have it, and he said no.
 get away from me.
 then he started walk away.
 but i grabbed onto his leg screaming for him to give me the sweater and he dragged me through the street.
 and then he kicked at me with the other foot and threw some change at me.
 oh, but i didn't want the change georgie.
 i wanted the cashmere.
i had a feeling you would like it.
 no, don't try it on now, try it on later.
wow, look at this.
 it feels so beautiful.
take it off.
 you're going to ruin it.
 s this?i was in the men's room the other day and they had the hand blower, instead of the paper towels, you know this thing.
 i like the hand blower i have to say.
 it takes a little bit longer, but i feel when you're in a room with a revolting stench you want to spend as much time as you can.
the only stench is comming from you.
oooooh.
oh, wait a second, i believe we have a heckler ladies and gentlemen.
 hey dick i don't know what your problem is.
 it's not my fault you're back on the wagon.
it's off the wagon.
in the old days how do you think they got the alcohol from town to town?i don't know.
on the wagon.
 don't you think they broke into a couple of those bottles along the way?you can't drink on a wagon it would be too bumpy.
they had smooth trails.
 what about the cumberland gap?what the hell do you know about wagons?i know enough not to get on them.
i'm going to get right to the point.
 it has come to my attention that you and the cleaning woman have engaged in sexual intercourse on the desk in your office.
 is that correct?who said that?she did.
was that wrong? should i have not done that? i tell you i gotta plead ignorance on this thing because if anyone had said anything to me at all when i first started here that that sort of thing was frouned upon, you know, cause i've worked in a lot of offices and i tell you peope do that all the time.
you're fired.
well you didn't have to say it like that.
i want you out of here by the end of the day.
what about the whole christmas spirit thing? any flexability there?nah.
 wait, wait, she wanted me to give you this.
you had sex on your desk with the cleaning woman.
you never had sex in the office before?no.
 i once made out with someone but that was it.
alright so you made out with someone.
well that's not sex.
kissing is sex.
kissing is not sex.
george?jerry.
hey, did jerry leave that drink next to dick's on purpose?no.
george?over here.
what are you doing here?i'm taking the kid out to dinner to chear him up.
hey jerry when do you consider that sex has taken place?i would say when the nipple makes its first appearance.
so, george told me that you left the drink next to dick's on purpose.
nice try.
 so guess who heckled me at the club last night.
merry christmas.
oh my god that's dick.
 it's cape fear.
hide, hide under the desk.
ow, ow move over.
get off of me.
i've got no room.
is that cashmere?of course it's cashmere.
 s this?but in a way, i think i inadvertantly turned this guy into an alcoholic.
 i hate being around alcoholics because they're either telling you how much they love you or how much they hate you.
 and those are the two statements that scare me the most.
 but i think he's okay now because i have no idea how he feels about me.
 he's finally off the wagon.
you mean on the wagon.
don't get smart.
all right, coney island.
 ok, you can take the b or the f and switch for the n at broadway lafayette, or you can go over the bridge to dekalb and catch the q to atlantic avenue, then switch to the irt , , or , but don't get on the g.
 see that's very tempting, but you wind up on smith and th street, then you got to get on the r.
couldn't he just take the d straight to coney island?well, yeah ok, what time is your job interview george? : remember, don't whistle on the elevator.
why not?that's what willie loman told biff before his interview, in death of a salesman'.
what, you are comparing me to biff loman, very encouraging.
 the biggest loser in history of american literature.
all right, i'm gonna go.
what time is the lesbian wedding? : lesbian wedding.
 how do they work bride and groom out, what do they flip a coin?yeah, they flip a coin.
what, was that not politically correct? it's a legitimate question.
i'm so tired.
 i'll fall asleep on that train i get the feeling when lesbians are looking at me, they're thinking: that's why i'm not heterosexual'.
jerry, come on let's go, pick up the check so we can go.
oh, i'm paying for breakfast?yeah.
yeah.
yeah.
why do i always pay? what am i made of money? you bunch of deadbeats.
how many tickets are you paying today?well, let's see: speeding, running a red light, no license, no registration, no plates, no brake lights, no rear view mirror yeah.
 no doors?i'm fighting that one.
 you know, this is gonna cost me over six hundred bucks.
i can't carry any changes in these pants, it falls out.
thank you.
that guy is not blind.
so, can i convince anybody to come down to coney island with me? i got to pick up my car at the pound.
 george?i can't believe they actually found your stolen car.
not only that they found it.
 it was simonized and the front end was aligned.
that's amazing.
so what do you say? run in the cyclone.
 hotdogs on nathan's is on me.
what are you? satan? i'm close to a job here.
 it's my second interview with them.
all right, biff.
 elaine, merry-go-round?i can't.
 i'm the best man.
kramer, bumper-cars?i've gotta go to court, i'll get in trouble.
 what's the matter with you?could be years before i get back to coney island.
 i can't go to rides alone.
 th street.
 change to d,n,rr, , , , , ,c,e,f train.
see'ya.
you looking for a job?me, why?well, you're reading the classifieds.
oh, no no no.
 i was just looking for stock-pages.
 here it is.
 looking for the quotes.
 gotta check to quotes.
 love a good quote.
 oh, ibm up a quarter.
you didn't look like someone who needed a job.
me? no, no, i don't, i don't.
 doing very well, very well, yep.
so, you're in the market'?yeah i'm, eh, in the market'.
which market?which market, the, eh, big one, the big market, the big board.
 bull market, bear market, you name the market, i'm there.
so, do you work for one of those big broker-houses?they wish.
 i hate the big broker-houses.
 hate them with a passion.
 big broker-houses killed my father.
really?well, they hurt him bad.
 really hurt his feelings.
 it's a long story.
 i- i don't like to talk about it, but i swore then that i would never work for big broker-houses.
 see, all they care about is money.
 i'm about more than money, i'm about people, always gone my own way and i've never looked back.
i started riding these trains in the forties.
 those days a man would give up their seat for a woman.
 now we're liberated and we have to stand.
it's ironic.
this, that we've come all this way, we have made all this progress, but you know we've lost the little things, the niceties.
no, i mean what does ironic mean?oh where are you up to, with such a nice present, birthday party?a wedding.
yeahhah, i didn't know people still get married.
 it's hard today with men and women.
you're telling me.
so, are they a nice couple?oh, very nice.
what does he do, if you don't mind me asking?she.
there is no he.
em, two women.
 it's, eh lesbian wedding.
aha, yep.
 i'm the eh bes tman.
no, no, no, you don't understand! i'm not a lesbian! i hate men, but i'm not a lesbian!i'm really looking forward to this.
 i love weddings.
 maybe i'll meet somebody, umm maybe not.
oh, man.
 we're stopping?well, this is where i get off.
oh, you do?eh, hey why don't you oh nothing.
no, no, what, what?well, i was going to say: why don't you get off with me, but you're obviously very busy on your way to some important meeting or something.
yeah, well .
yeah i knew it was a bad idea.
hey, what's another million, give or take.
 i get off where and when i wanna get off.
i'm stuck.
 pull a little, just a second.
 don't start the train! don't start the train!!o-k.
 you realize of course, you're naked?naked, dressed.
 i don't see any difference.
you oughta sit here.
 there is a difference.
you got something against naked body?i got something against yours.
 how about a couple of deep knee bends, maybe a squat thrust?who's got time for squat thrusts?all right, how about skipping breakfast.
 i'm guessing you're not a half-grapefruit and black coffee guy.
i like a good breakfast.
i understand, i like good breakfast.
 long as you don't wind up trapped in a room with bib overalls and pigtails, been counseled by dick gregory.
i'm not ashamed of my body.
that's your problem, you should be.
don't get up, please, allow me.
oh, this is great.
 this is what i need, just what i need.
 ok, take it easy i'm sure it's nothing.
 probably rats on the track, we're stopping for rats.
 god, it's so crowded.
 how can there be so many people? this guy really smells, doesn't anyone use deodorant in the city? what is so hard, you take the cap off, you roll it on.
 what's that? i feel something rubbing against me.
 disgusting animals, these people should be in a gage.
 we are in a gage.
 what if i miss the wedding? i got the ring.
 what'll they do? you can't get married without the ring.
 oh, i can't breath, i feel faint.
 take it easy, it'll start moving soon.
 think about the people on the concentration camps, what they went through.
 and hostages, what would you do if you were a hostage? think about that.
 this is nothing.
 no, it's not nothing, it's something.
 it's a nightmare! help me! move it! com'on move this fu s that on my leg?!!are you often on business trip? nice oh, hey nice ice-bucket.
make your-self comfortable.
make myself comfortable.
 what does that mean? does she want me to take my clothes off? is she taking her clothes off? what if i take my clothes off and she still has hers on? then i really look like an idiot.
 she could get offended and leave.
 so maybe i should leave them on, but what then if she takes her off? then she'll feel humiliated.
 make yourself comfortable'.
 i got this unbelievable woman and this comfortable'-thing can ruin me.
 i got it! i take my shoes off and sit on the bed.
 there, that's comfortable.
 she can't accuse me being unconvertible.
gotta tell you i'm pretty comfortable.
oh yeah, it's all set.
 they got the bug boy on him.
the bug boy.
yeah, the little father has run his hard out.
 they're gonna break his maiden.
really? but, it's a little bit slow out there it rained last night.
oh, this baby loves the slob, loves it, eats it up.
 eats the slob.
 born in the slob.
 his father was a mudda'.
his father was a mudda'?his mudda was a mudda'.
his mudda was a mudda'?what did i just say?hey, all right, pappanick to win.
they still have no pitching.
 goodin's a question mahk.
 you don't recover from those rotator cuffs so fast.
i'm not worried about their best pitching.
 they got pitching.
 they got no hitting.
no hitting? they got hitting! bonilla, murry.
 they got no defence.
defence? please.
 they need speed.
speed? they got coleman.
 they need a bullpen.
franco's no good? they got no team leaders.
they got franco! what they need is a front office.
but you gotta like their chances.
i luv their chances.
tell you what.
 if they win the penant i'll sit naked with you at the world series.
it's a deal!why couldn't i take a cab.
 for dollars my whole life could've changed.
 what is that on my leg? i'll never get out of here.
 what if i'm here for the rest of my life? maybe i'll get out in seconds.
 banana, banana, banana, banana, banana no, i'm still here! still here! why don't they start moving? move! move!! move!!! motherf !!!eh, gee, i hope you have the key for these things.
oh, don't worry.
 i do.
you know, my mother used to walk around on our apartment just in her bra and panties.
 she didn't look anything like you, she was really disgusting, really bad body.
 if you could imagine uglier and fatter version of shirley booth.
 remember shirley booth from hazel.
 really embarrassing, cause you know i had only mother in the whole neighborhood who was worse looking than hazel.
 imagine the taunts i would hear.
like what?like a hey your mother is uglier than hazel.
 hazel really puts your mother to shame'what's going on?it was a pleasure doing business with you george, but i'm afraid i have to get going.
get going? but we haven't really, you know .
eight dollars? eight dollars?what are you doing? you're robbing me?i wasted my whole morning with you for eight dollars?wait, wait a second, what are you doing?i'm taking your clothes.
no, that's my only suit.
 it cost me dollars.
 i got it at moe ginsburg.
bye george.
no wait, you can't just leave me here! will i see you again?yes! yes! i won, hey i haven't had a hotdog at nathan's for years.
first we ride the cyclone.
chilly out.
aah, french fries.
give me the money.
 give me the money! freeze, police!no, i never got the car.
 we were having such a good time, by the time i got to the police garage, it was closed.
too bad.
you wouldn't believe what this guy put away at nathan's.
 look at what we won!you want him?get that out of my face.
so, you missed the wedding.
 you'll catch the bris! hare krishna, hare krishna!how would you like a hare krishna fist on your throat, you little punk?george?biff, what did you whistle on the elevator?you have my spare-key in your apartment, right?yeah, it's in the kitchen drawer.
give me your key, i gotta get it.
what happened?never mind what happened, just give me the key.
come on, i'll go with you.
here, pay.
 wait, wait, wait  pianist.
 a !we did a crossword puzzle together, ! y'know?were you talking? i couldn't hear anything.
i was telling you about noel.
oh, noel! yeah, the one who plays bongos [sarcastically] heh heh heh so side-splittingly funny all right, i'm sorry.
 what about her?what, you think i'm going to repeat the whole thing now?i know, you told me you like her, everything is going good.
no everything is hand how do i get the hand?we all want the hand.
 hand is tough to get.
 you gotta get the hand right from the opening.
she's playing a recital this week at the mcbierney school.
 you wanna hear her play? i got two extra tickets, you and elaine could go yeah, that sounds like somethin' then afterwards maybe we could all go out together.
 y'know she'll see me with my friends, she'll observe me as i really am, as myself.
 maybe i can get some hand that way.
hey, smell my arm smell it!with all due respect, i don't think so that smells good, what is that?the !the ?what, did you go swimmin'? it's degrees out!i just joined the polar bear club.
you joined the ?!what the hell is a polar bear'?well, it's these people-- they go swimmin in the winter.
 they're terrific, i just took my first swim today.
 brrrrrrr! it's invigorating .
yeah so's shock therapy.
[with glee] what is that, a pez dispenser?!want one? yeah, i just bought it at the flea market.
hey, what goes on there, exactly?you don't know?no, i-i-i know [retreats back to his chinese take out] i know you think they have fleas there, don't you? yes you do, biff.
 you've never been to a flea market, and you think they have fleas there.
all right, i think they have fleas there.
 so what i don't know how anyone does this.
 it must be nerve racking how do they warm up their fingers?they have a piano backstage they warm up on.
 , we would have heard it.
what, do you think they just crack their knuckles and come out?i told her we'd all go out afterwards, okay? and don't applaud when she stops playing the first time.
 it's not over yet.
[quickly whispering] i resent that you said that! that's directed at , isn't it?!is this okay? can i do this? something i said? [no response] it's john mollika.
oh, oh, oh, hi john hi what're you doing down here?oh, i was just at this recital and jerry put a pez dispenser on my leg and i started laughing.
jerry's in there? i heard you guys broke up.
we did.
 we're just hanging out.
really.
 you really look great.
oh, uh, thank you.
 are you still friends with richie appel?oh, richie, he's been doing comedy in l.
 a.
 for a few years.
 he just got back a month ago.
 he's kind of messed up.
 on drugs.
 i don't know what to do for the guy.
have you thought about an intervention?what's that?you get all his friends in a room, they confront himm to try to get him into rehab.
 it's a very popular thing now.
he'd never listen to anyone.
 except of course jerry.
 he'd listen to jerry.
 jerry would have to be involved.
 he really respects jerry.
i'm sorry.
 george, i'm sorry!what did you put the pez dispenser on her leg for in the first place?i dunno, it was an impulse.
what kind of a sick impulse does that??how could i know she would start to laugh?i'm sorry.
 i'm sorry.
 i !can we just go in already?what are we gonna tell her?i'll tell her i was the one who laughed.
no, don't say a word.
 if she thinks my friends are jerks, then i'm a [to jerry] oh, remind me to talk to you about something later.
what about?hey, hey! we're discussing something!i know, but i'm distracted now.
what are you? a !? all right.
 tell her.
when i was outside i ran into john mollika.
really john mollika, they guy that used to bartend at the comedy club.
 how's he doing?he's good.
uh, can we cut to the chase?'cut to the chase'?yeah what're you, joe hollywood'?a lot of people say it.
i would lose that.
[accusingly] what's ?'lose that'? that's not a hollywood expression![realizing full well it isn't] yes it is.
anyway so john told me that richie is in town from los angeles and he's really messed up on drugs.
 so i told him that he should do an intervention.
really, an intervention y'know people, we got a situation over here!yeah, but he want's you to be a part of it.
me? why me?'cause richie really respects you and he would listen to you.
y'know these things are hard to load all right, ok, i'm goin in.
we've got to talk about this all right.
hi, hi, hi, you were wonderful.
no oh, these are my friends, elaine and jerry, noelyou play a of a piano.
yeah, i was really moved, moved.
well didn't you hear that person laughing? i couldn't play.
 i was *humiliated well, i'm sure it wasn't you.
well then, what was she laughing at?pez?uh, no, no thank you.
 did you see her?me, uh, uh, no, anyone who would laugh at a recital is probably some sort of lunatic anyway.
 i mean only a sick twisted mind could be that rude and ignorant.
maybe some mental defective put something stupid on her leg.
even if this so called mental defective did put something on her leg she's still the one who laughed.
i'll never forget that laugh for the rest of my life.
 [exits]i'm sure she would apologize if she could.
 probably somebody is holding her back against every fibre in her being.
if she want's to continue to have a fibre of her being she'll be very careful all right, so are you ready, so we'll go out and get something to eat.
i don't feel like it tonight.
we'll be outsideyeahit was nice meeting you by the way, how do you warm up your fingers before you play?i just crack my knuckles.
we'll have a good timei don't feel like itah, come oni said i don't feel like it!um, all right, um, uh, i'll call ya.
 i'll call you and we'll talk on the phone.
 a telephone communiqu&eacute;.
 every thing is fine ok, uh, fine, [exits]you know i thing kramer might have been responsible for getting richie involved with drugs in the first place.
what? how?a few years ago the comedy club had a softball team.
 kramer was our first baseman you couldn't get anything by him it was unbelievable.
 anyway this one game we came back to win from like runs behind.
 so kramer says to richie why don't you dump the bucket of gatorade on marty benson's head? the club owner.
 so richie goes ahead and does it.
so? what happened?what happened? the guy was like years old, it was freezing out, he caught a cold, got pneumonia, and a month later he was dead.
shut up!all the comedians were happy.
 he was one of these club owners nobodu liked anyway.
 but richie was never the same.
whar about kramer?he's the same!are you sure you want me john.
 i have spoken to richie in two years.
 i don't have a good apartment for an intervention.
 the furniture, it's very non-confrontational.
 all right all right.
 goodbye.
 [to kramer] remember ricie appel? oh sure, the guy i told to pour the gatorade that killed marty benson?right, we'll john mollika is organizing some kind of intervention for him.
 we're having it here.
can i get in on that?what do you think? it's like a poker game?is elaine going?yeahwell, i knew him as well as she did.
yeah, but john invited her.
so what are you saying, you don't want me to intervene?no, intervene, go intervene all you want.
 i am just afraid you might be interfering while we're intervening.
it's georgestop smelling your arm.
you know i got a great idea for a cologne.
 the beach.
 you spray it on and you smell like you just came home from the beachhum, a cologne that smells like the beach.
 i can't believe i'm saying this, that's not a bad idea.
'tell me about it!why don't you call steve d'jiff, he works in the marketing department at calvin klein.
 in fact he's a good friend of john mollika and richie also.
well it's over.
 it's definitely over.
she broke up with you?no, but i can tell she's going to.
 i can sense it.
 we had this terrible phone conversation.
 i was so nervous before i called i made up this whole list of things to talk about.
what was on the list?let's see, how i'm very good at going in reverse in my car, why isn't postum a more popular drink,yeah, postum is under-ratted,anyway there was all this tension.
 i asked her if she wanted to go out to dinner and she said no, maybe we could get together for lunch.
 you know what that means.
what's wrong with lunch?lunch is fine at the beginning then you move on to dinner.
 you don't move back to lunch.
 it's like being demoted.
 i'll never do another crossword puzzle with her again.
 i know it.
i like the jumble you ever do the jumble?i have no power do you understand? i need hand.
 i have no hand.
break up with herwhat?you break up with her.
 you reverse everything that way.
a preemptive breakup.
a preemptive breakup.
 this is an incredible idea.
 i got nothing to lose.
 we either break up which she would do anyway but at least i go out with some dignity.
 completely turn the tables.
 it's absolutely brilliant.
so, i am have to going to break up with you.
you're breaking up with me?i, am breaking up with, you.
wow.
shocked?i really am.
never expected this did you?i thought everything was fine.
well, live and learn.
i don't understand.
 you're breaking up with me.
 didn't we have fun doing the crossword puzzles?kind of.
i'm very confused.
well, i didn't mean to hurt you kid.
i thought, now, stop it what do you want, i can make you happy.
when you're playing the piano do you think about me?i don't know.
this is what i'm talking about.
ok, i'll think about you.
all the time.
all the time? ok, all the time.
i can't hear you.
all the time.
 all the time.
see, it's not so hard.
go ahead smell, smellyeah, so?do you recognize it? the beach.
what are you talking about?oh, i'm talking about the beach.
what about it?you know the way you smell when you first come home from the beach? well, i want to make a cologne that captures the essence of that smell.
 oh yeah.
that is the dumbest idea i have ever heard.
oh, wait, did you here what i just said?do you think people are going to pay $ a bottle to smell like dead fish and sea weed? that's why people take showers when the come home from the beach.
 it's an objectionable offensive odour.
so you don't think it's a good idea?the membranes get dried and it just starts bleeding.
 since i was a kid so i have to stick tissue up there uh, you have to work like that?nobody minds nobody has ever said anything to me.
are there any ice cubes?in the freezer.
i looked.
 there aren't any ice cubes.
well i guess there aren't any ice cubes.
i can't drink this.
 it's warm! shouldn't we rehearse this a little bit before richie comes?what's the plan?do i have to talk? i don't feel like talking.
well, if he's not going to talk i'm not going to talk either.
no, we all have to talk.
what's the order?we'll go in alphabetical order.
 first roberta.
why am i first?albano is your last name.
that's not my name any more.
 i'm divorced.
i'll go first.
hey.
hey.
is this the interference?intervention.
what are you doing here?uh, is it all right if i stay for the intervention?hey, this is for close friends only.
i'm a friend.
 who do you think told him to pour the gatorade over marty benson's head?let him stay.
hey, you know i got someone to make up that cologne for me, big mouth.
somebody's going to make that crap?kramer!hey, come on, these are some of my polar bear buddies.
they can't stay.
we're having a party here?no, we're having an interventionan intervention? who's intervening?there's a friend of ours on drugs and we're going to confront him.
sure, we used to do that when one of our polar bears stopped coming.
 we would go to his house and say, what you don't want to be a polar bear anymore? it's too cold for you?'it's him.
what should we do?hide!it's not a surprise party! yeah it's georgeyeah, come on up.
 it's not him.
if you don't go out with me it's because i'm a bar tender.
look, i don't think this is appropriate right now.
is it because i have a tissue in my nose?you're getting warm.
we just came from chadway's s going on.
we're having the intervention for richie.
oh, right, right, the intervention.
 should we leave?well, uh  elaine, hi.
oh, hi noelwell, you're looking well.
jerry, let me tell you something, a man without hand is not a man.
 i got so much hand i'm coming out of my gloves.
 i got to thank kramer.
even if i were dragged through manure i still wouldn't put that stuff on.
 this man is a genius.
 genius!you think so?i don't think so i know so, kramer, come here i got to talk to youthe male kangaroo doesn't have a pouch only the female has it.
 the male has pouch envy.
  that laugh.
 that's the laugh.
 that's it.
 you're the one.
no, no.
 it was an accident.
 it really wasn't my fault.
 it was jerry.
you put a pez dispenser on her leg during my recital?.
i didn't know she would laugh.
you lied to me george, you lied to me.
no, i, uh, um, wa, wa, what did i do? where are you going?i am breaking up with you!you can't break up with me.
 i've got hand.
and you're going to need it.
hey richieso what's going on?it was pretty ugly from the get go.
 he's not listening, he's hostile, he's talking back.
i can't do these puzzles.
so he starts to get up he spots the pez dispenser on the coffee tableah ah pez dispenser.
he picks it up - he stares at it - it's like he's hypnotized by it.
 then he's telling us this story about how when he was a kid he was in the car with his father, and his father was trying to load one of themwell they're hard to load.
tell me something i don't know.
 so as the father's trying to load it he loses control of the car and it crashes into a high school cafeteria.
 nobody's hurt but pez is all over the car.
 and the dispenser was destroyed virtually beyond recognition.
poor kid.
so as he's telling the story he starts crying.
what did you do?what do you think? i gave him my pez dispenser.
wowtwo hours later he checks into smither's clinic.
 i talked to the doctor yesterday.
 he's doing great on the rehab.
 he's hooked on pez.
 he's eating them like there's no tomorrow.
what's a three letter word for candy?i can't do those things.
let me ask you a question.
 if you named a kid rasputin do you think that would have a negative effect on his life?na.
what are you doing? we're going out for dinner in ten minutes.
do you realize this is the last meal i am going to have for three days?yeah.
it's george.
come on up.
 .
 .
 .
 i never heard of this.
 you've got to fast for three days to take an ulcer test.
 how you gonna do that?i don't know.
 how could i possibly have ulcers? who could have given me ulcers?i think i'll take out the garbage.
hey, have you ever fasted?well, once i didn't have dinner until, like : o'clock, that was pretty rough.
 ? throw out my garbage for me.
yeah, right.
come on, it's just down the hall.
give me two bucks.
 i'll do it for two bucks.
i'll give you cents.
there's no way i touch that bag for less than two dollars.
come on.
 fifty cents.
 s coffee cakeyou're not getting no drake's coffee cake for fifty cents.
 yae, hey, i'm all set.
 i got the ticket.
 i'm going to the cayman islands this friday.
i don't get you.
 who goes on vacation without a job? what do you need a break from getting up at eleven?it's an incredible deal.
 i don't know why you don't come with me.
nah, i don't go for these non-refundable deals.
 i can't commit to a woman.
 i'm not going to commit to an airline.
hi.
hi.
how are you?gina, do you know what a drake's coffee cake is?of course, the plane cake with the sweet brown crumbs on the top.
how much do they cost?the junior?no, no the full size.
no, no the junior.
you didn't say junior'.
i haven't had one of those since i was a little girl.
really? you should be ashamed of yourself.
 i want you out of here! doing?good enough.
boy she's sexy isn't she?do you believe that guy?what guy?my neighbour:oh, that creepy guy?yeah, did he think i was flirting with her?he didn't seem too pleased.
maybe i'll get a steak with french fried onion wings.
hey, you know what? i just remembered something.
 i had a dream about that guy last night.
 this is amazing.
what's so amazing? you've seen him before.
i haven't seen him for months.
what was the dream?i was doing standup comedy in kennebunkport maine.
 ??? night club.
 the stage was on a cliff and the audience was throwing all the comics off.
i think i've played there.
i've had a lot of other paranormal stuff happen to me.
you're a little paranormalhey, george, you know my friend goes to a psychic.
really?uh uh, you should go some time.
i'd love to go.
 make an appointment.
psychics, vacations.
 how about getting a job?i just got fired.
alright, come on, lets get out of here.
i wonder what ghandi ate before his fast.
i heard he used to polish off a box of triscuits.
really?oh, yeah.
 ghandi loved triscuits.
who is it? who is it?it's gina.
who?martine's girl friend.
martine?you next door neighbour.
oh, martin!it's martine.
 i think he's dying.
 he tried to kill himself with pills.
what?come on.
in my pajamas? i better get my robe.
we don't have enough time.
it'll take two seconds.
there is no time.
we don't have two seconds?all right.
 go ahead.
nah, forget it.
no, go ahead.
nah.
 i'll just wear the pajamas.
will you just get it.
are you sure?forget it.
 come on.
nah, i'll go get the robe.
that's not too bad.
 it's not like a sunny von bulow comma.
 the doctor said he should snap out of it anytime.
you know why he did this? because i told him it was over.
 i did not want to see him anymore.
really? it's over?i could not stand it another minute.
 yesterday he turned over a man's hot dog stand because he thought the man was looking at me.
 and then after he saw you in the hall.
 ach, he was crazy with jealousy.
oh boy, did he say anything about me?he does not like you.
 and all indications are he does not like drake's coffee cake.
he said that?he was screaming about it all night.
 how it's too sweet and it falls apart when you eat it.
i'm sorry if i caused any trouble.
 i was just being friendly.
i wasn't.
you weren't?no, i have thought about you many times.
 have you thought about me?of course.
tell me everything.
are you sure he can't hear anything? .
 .
 .
martin, martin.
i wish he was not in a coma.
 i wish he was dead.
 i wish i could pull the plug out from him.
i, would, i would wait on that.
 i know how you feel but.
 juries today, you never know how they're going to look at a thing like this.
i saw you looking at your watch.
 you want to leave? go ahead.
no, i just wanted to see what time it was.
are you afraid of him?no.
then kiss me.
here?yes, right here.
is this the proper venue?you don't want to?no, no, i want to.
 i, i very much want to.
 i, i desire to.
 i, i pine to.
then kiss me right in front of him.
i can't.
 what if he wakes up?a man is lying here unconscious and you're afraid of him? what kind of a man are you?a man who respects a good comma.
 if it was one of those in and out comas, maybe.
 but when a guy's got a coma going like this you don't want to mess with it.
hey.
hey.
did you hear about martin?yeah, i heard.
i can't believe he's in a coma.
he's got my vacuum cleaner.
 you know i loaned it to him.
 he never returned it.
 the carpets are filthy.
 what am i going to do?who told you about martin?newman! he's good friends with him.
oh, big mouth newman.
 i should have guessed.
he's got all of my attachments, you know.
hey, let me ask you something.
 how long do you have to wait for a guy to come out of a coma before you can ask his ex-girlfriend out?what, gina? why wait? why not just call doctor kavorkian?you know i don't get that whole suicide machine.
 there's no tall buildings where these people live? they can't wrap their lips around a revolver like a normal person?so what's going on between you and gina?well, i went with her to the hospital last night.
uh, uh.
so we're in the room and she's trying to get me to kiss her right in front of him.
uh, uh, you see that's the great thing about mediterranean women.
 all right, so what did you do?nothing.
ah, what kind of a man are you? the guy is unconscious in a coma and you don't have the guts to kiss his girlfriend?i didn't know what the coma etiquette was.
there is no coma etiquette.
 you see that's the beauty of the coma, man.
 it doesn't matter what you do around it.
so you're saying, his girl, his car, his clothes, it's all up for grabs.
 you can just loot the coma victim.
i'd give him hours to get out of it.
 they can't get out of it in hours, it's a land rush.
so if the coma victim wakes up in a month, he's thrilled, he got out of the coma.
 he goes home, there's nothing left?nothing left! that's why i'm trying to get that vacuum cleaner.
 because somebody's going to grab it.
martin's spirit came to you as a warning.
why would he come to george?because george has heightened extra sensory perception.
 faygy get your finger out of your nose.
i knew it.
 i always felt different.
you are.
 some coffee cake?drakes?yes.
did you buy this for me?no, why?ha, because i love drake's coffee cake.
maybe i did.
take it away.
she hasn't eaten in two days.
who's pauline?pauline? .
 .
 .
 wait a minute.
 i got it.
 my brother once impregnated a woman named pauline.
do you think about her?when i hear her name mentioned.
cut these with your left hand.
there was a woman, audrey.
 she had a very big nose.
i see an audrey, but with a small nose.
yes, yes, she had a nose job.
 i loved her very deeply.
 will she ever speak to me again?not in this life.
should you be smoking?does it bother you?you're pregnant.
elaine.
i smoked when i had faisy.
ah oh.
ah oh? what? what ah oh?i don't know about this trip george.
you can see the cayman islands in there? is something going to happen to me? what?it's really bad for the fetus.
 do you know that.
elaine, she's a psychic.
 she knows how the kid's going to be.
should i not go on this trip?george, i am going to tell you something and i want you to really hear me.
now listen.
 i just don't know how a person, with everything we now know about pre-natal care can put a cigarette in her mouth.
elaine, what are you doing?it's disgusting.
i don't belive it.
 i would like you both to leave.
oh fine, i don't like to be around people who are just so irresponsible.
get the hell out.
a plane crash? a heart attack? lupus? is it lupus?do you want me to call the super? he was an israeli commando.
if you don't say anything i will assume it's a plane crash.
get out.
not a plane crash.
 is it a plane crash?i do not like your toothbrush.
 there are no bristles.
you can say what you want about me but i'll be damned if i'm going to stand here while you insult my toothbrush.
it is too small for someone with such a big mouth .
 let me ask you.
 what will you do if martine wakes up? run away like a mouse?no, more like the three stooges at the end of every movie.
who are these stooges you speak of?they're a comedy team.
tell me about them.
 everything.
well, they're three kind of funny looking guys and they hit each other a lot.
you will show me the stooges?i will show you the stooges.
when?well, i don't really know where the stooges are right now but if i locate them you will be the first to know.
come, you walk me to a cab.
well, uh, i uh, i don't want you to get upset or anything but uh, with martin and all, well maybe it's not such a good idea for us to be seen together in the building, because, you know, he had a lot of friends here.
you're still afraid.
 you are not a man.
well then what are all those ties and sport jackets doing in my closet?are you going to walk me to a cab or not?yeah, all right.
 all right.
you should just eat fruit.
i can't eat fruit.
 it makes me incontinent.
???hello gina.
 hello jerry.
hello newman.
do you think newman would tell martin if he wakes up? what kind of sicko would do that? he could kill me.
people smoke, elaine.
 my mother smoked.
 it didn't hurt me.
 did you see that wall move?boy, it's a good thing we came.
could there be a native p roblem in the caymans? maybe there's native unrest.
hi, i haven't eaten in three days.
 i was wondering how much longer it would be until i get my x-ray.
we'll call you.
george, i want you to promise me something.
 if i'm ever in a comma.
 in the first hours get everything out of my apartment and put it in storage.
how come?looters.
how do we know that dog food is any good? who tastes it?she's really hungry.
hey.
kramerwell, newman's upstairs visiting martin.
would you buy my cayman island ticket?you're not going?no.
why not?the psychic said something terrible will happen.
i dig.
i want my vacuum cleaner! i know you can hear me.
 look my mother, she's going to come and visit me.
 she sees that rug, she's going to kill me.
he can't hear you, you idiot.
 why don't you just buy another one.
why would i buy another one when i spent a hundred bucks on this one?i have a carpet sweeper you can use.
i don't want a carpet sweeper.
 they don't do anything.
it gets my rug clean.
the carpet sweeper is the biggest scam perpetrated on the american public since one hour martinizing.
well, you should take a look at my rug then.
i wouldn't set foot in your house.
hello.
hello jerry.
how's he doing?he looks happy to me.
i hope he stays this happy when he wakes up.
why wouldn't he?no reason.
he'll have a lot of catching up to do, i guess.
i'll bring him up to date.
how up to date?oh, all the way up.
and nothing could change your mind?well, it would take a hell of a lot.
 because a friend is something you earn.
okay, jerry has a friend who has free tickets to the cayman islands for this weekend.
 he's not going.
i don't care much for the beach.
 i freckle.
 .
 .
 .
 is that a, drake's coffee cakewow, where did you get that?from my house.
 i got a whole box of them.
boy, that's the full size.
that's your big boy.
can i have a bite?i don't give out bites.
 i got another one.
 but i'm saving it for later.
just one bite?i don't think so.
 you know they, they're so fragile.
all right! all right.
 i won't say anything.
you swear?i swear.
on your mother's life?on my mother's life.
oh oh oh oh ohoooh,and there it was, mountains of duck.
 and not fatty duck either, but juicy tender breasts of duck.
 sweetheart, no come here, sweetheartpew, pew, pew, pew how did i know you were here? something drew me here.
 this is phenomenal.
the nurse said she would be right back.
 they're supposed to take me into the delivery room.
oh, that's great.
 that's great.
 by the way i have to apologize for my friend the other day.
 friend? uh, uh i don't even know that woman.
 i met her on the bus on the way over.
 i couldn't get rid of her.
 uh, my psychic instincts were a little off oh, where's the nursei don't know where the nurse is.
 sweetheart why don't you get a nurse for mommy? anyway i was just curious.
 remember the other day you were saying something about my trip.
don't take that trip.
yeah, why? why? eeey, beegit, beegit beegit.
because? because?assassins! how dare they keep a person waiting like this! drake's coffee cake? give me that.
jerry, you better stop her or i'll tell.
elaine! no! no!ooooh, ahhhh,are there terrorists on the plane? a hotel fire.
 is that it? malaria? yellow fever? lupus? is it lupus?he did it right in this bed, martin.
 right in front of you.
i want my vacuum cleaner!hey!it was disgusting.
what are you doing? we're going out to dinner in ten minutes.
i never assisted in a birth before.
 it's really quite disgusting.
what did she name the kid?you wouldn't believe it.
 rasputin.
heey!hey.
hey.
when did you get back?a couple of hours ago.
so how was it?george, i would like to thank you for the greatest four days i ever spent in my life.
osh.
they were shooting the sports illustrated swim suit issue right in the hotel pool.
woah.
 not only that but at the hotel they opened up this area on the beach for nude bathing and all of the sports illustrated models went down there.
wow! i was on the next blanket from elle mcphersonoh! we played backgammon in the nude.
oh! she's a sweet kid.
nude backgammon with swimsuit models!oh, you know what? the second day i was there i stepped on a jellyfish.
 now it kind of stung my foot.
 that's probably what rula was trying to warn you about.
yeah, you gotta watch for the jellyfish.
yeah.
what's this?oh, it's an invitation to a house warming from martin and gina.
they moved in together?yeah, it's some place down in the village.
phew.
yeah.
it's elaine.
all right we're coming down.
hey, where ya going?we're taking elaine to dinner.
 she's got to start the fast again.
 um, you want to go?um, i'd like to but a bunch of us from the islands, we'll be getting together.
elle mcpherson going to be there?oh! i got to call her back.
why even try anymore? there's no sense to it.
 i'm never gonna meet anybody, i should just accept it.
oh, yes you will.
no, i won't.
yeah, maybe you won't.
i mean it's hard enough to meet a woman you dislike, much less like.
are my nostrils getting bigger?no.
 why must it be so difficult? why is there all this tension and hostility? why can't i just walk up to a woman on the street and say, hi.
 i'mthere's just no men out there, you know?i know.
i mean the problem is that the good ones know they're good.
 and they know they're in such demand they're just not interested in confining themselves to one person.
i hate the good ones.
is jerry one of the good ones?that's a good question, i think he thinks he is.
well, the mediocre ones are available, but they're so insecure about not being one of the good ones that they're always going, well i'm not good enough for you, what are you doing with me? and eventually i just go, you're right.
'you know, maybe you need somebody between good and mediocre.
no, maybe i need somebody who has nothing, somebody who just has to appreciate being with me because he's so desperate.
i mean it's gotten to the point where i'm flirting with operators on the phone.
 i almost made a date with one.
oh, so there's still hope.
i don't want hope.
 hope is killing me.
 my dream is to become hopeless.
 when you're hopeless, you don't care, and when you don't care, that indifference makes you attractive.
oh, so hopelessness is the key.
it's my only hope.
see, i wouldn't really mind so much, but i feel badly for my mother.
 i mean, if my mother weren't around, it wouldn't be so bad.
 but, i'm telling you, if i'm not married by the time i'm forty, i'm gonna have to kill her because it's the only fair thing to do.
 i just couldn't put her through that.
well, at least you're not bitter.
who says i'm not bitter?aren't you too young to be bitter?no, you can be young and bitter, just maybe not as bitter as i'm gonna be ten years from now, but i'm bitter.
 anyway, don't tell anyone.
don't worry, your bitterness is safe with me.
um, order me a piece of cake.
 i'm gonna go throw up.
look at my hands.
 look.
 filthy from the paper.
 you know, they should give you a wet-nap when you buy one, like at those rib joints.
so what'd you do last night?went out with george, you?went out with cynthia.
how was it? what'd you talk about?well, you know, the usual; the federal reserve, the rainforest.
 cynthia thought we should nuke the rainforest, you know, get rid of it in one fell swoop so we can at least eliminate it as a subject of conversation.
 what about you?we brushed on that.
 actually, george was in rare form.
 he just can't find anybody.
i know, cynthia too.
 she's really given up.
george too.
yeah, right.
i've never fixed anybody up.
uh, me neither and i am not about to start with george.
well why wouldn't you start with george? you think she's too good for george?i didn't say too good', did i say too good'?well you implied it.
i didn't say it.
because if you think she's too good for george, you are dead wrong.
 dead wrong.
 who is she?who is he?he's george!she's cynthia!so what?what, you don't think she's beautiful?i don't know, what's with the eyebrows?you know what your problem is? your standards are too high.
i went out with you.
that's because my standards are too low.
 and by the way, you know, women kill for eyebrows like that.
 do you know that? i mean women pluck their real eyebrows out of their head, one by one, until they're bald, jerry.
 bald above the eyes! and then they paint in these eyebrows to look like that.
well let me tell you something about george.
 he is fast.
 he can run like the wind.
 and he's strong.
 i've seen him lift a hundred pounds over his head without even knowing it.
 and you wouldn't know it to look at him, but george can bait a hook.
he can really do that?come on, let's do it, i think they'll really get along.
what, are you into this?yeah, come on, it's a good match.
no, wait a minute, wait a minute.
 they're gonna be telling us how their dates went.
 are we gonna share that information?naturally.
well, wait a minute, we're gonna tell each other everything, i mean every secret?everything.
what if it worked out?yeah right.
out of the question.
 out of the question!why?no! i'm not gonna do that! that's one step away from personal ads! and prostitutes! no! no, i am not going down that road! what does she look like?she's good looking.
how good looking?very good looking.
really good looking?really very good looking.
would you take her out?yes, i would take her out.
oh, you hesitated.
what hesitate? i didn't hesitate!no, something's off here, you hesitated.
i'm telling you, she's good looking.
what about the body, what kind of body?good body, nice body.
how nice?nice.
just nice?pretty nice.
really good?really very nice and good.
what about personality?good personality.
 funny.
 bright.
smarter than me? i don't want anyone smarter than me.
how could she be smarter than you?alright, let's see, let's see.
 what else.
 what else.
 oh yeah, what does she do?first of all, what does he do?he was in real estate, um, now, he's not working right now-he's not working?! how come he's not working?well, um, he, he got fired.
why did he get fired?uh.
 why? oh, right.
 um, well, he tried to poison his boss.
excuse me?such a long story, cynthia, seriously, i mean he just had some problems at work.
is he nuts?no, no, no, he's a really really funny guy.
what does he look like?pardon?what does he look like?um, well, he's got a lot of character in his face.
 um, he's short.
 um, he's stocky.
fat.
 is that what you're saying, that he's fat?powerful.
 he is so powerful, he can lift a hundred pounds right up over his head.
 and um, what else.
 what else.
 oh, right.
 um, well, he's kind of, just kind of losing his hair.
he's bald?no! no, no, no, he's not bald.
 he's balding.
so he will be bald.
yup.
what kind of hair?you know, long dark hair.
flowing?flowing?is it flowing? i like flowing, cascading hair.
 thick lustrous hair is very important to me.
'thick lustrous hair is very important to me, is that what you said?yeah, that's right.
just clarifying.
let me ask you this.
 if you stick your hand in the hair is it easy to get it out?do you want to be able to get it out or do you want to not be able to get it out?i'd like to be able to get it out.
i think you'll get it out.
what about the skin? i need a good cheek, i like a good cheek.
she's got a fine cheek.
is there a pinkish hue?a pinkish hue?yes, a rosy glow.
there's a hue.
 she's got great eyebrows, women kill to have her eyebrows.
who cares about eyebrows? is she sweet? i like sweet.
 but not too sweet, you could throw up from that.
i don't think you'll throw up.
 likes to throw up.
has he ever been married?no.
has he been close?he once spent a weekend with a woman.
he didn't really try to poison his boss?yeah, he did.
we had an incredible phone conversation.
 we talked for like twenty minutes.
 i threw away my notes in the middle of the call.
 you know, i thought she had a great voice timbre.
 is it timbre or tamber?i think it's tamber.
why'd i think it was timbre? yeah, she could do voiceover commercials, why didn't you tell me about her voice?i didn't notice the voice.
it's mellifluous!so, saturday night.
she had to be impressed by that conversation, had to! it was a great performance.
 i am unbelievable on the phone.
 on the date they should just have two phones on the table at the restaurant, done.
hi.
hey! saturday night!i know!so, what did she say?she said you're getting together saturday night!that's it?yeah!she didn't mention anything about the conversation?no.
now, you see, i don't get that.
 we had a relaxed stimulating, great conversation, she doesn't mention it? why doesn't she mention it?what?she could have mentioned the conversation.
alright, alright, i'll go on the date, but that's that.
hey.
hey.
you know my friend, bob sacamano?oh, the guy from jersey?yeah.
 he just got a job at a condom factory in edison.
 look at this, he gave me a gross.
what are you gonna do with all of them?oh, well come on, take some, jerry.
 grab em.
no thanks, they look like they came out of a cereal box.
come on, elaine, here, take half a bag.
half a bag? what am i, a hooker? anyway, they look kind of cheap.
i'll take one.
 it's possible.
so where are they already, it's a quarter to twelve, they should be back by now, what did they do?i think they went out to dinner.
wait, i got another call.
 that must be him.
 [clicks over] hello?yeah, it's me, i just got home.
oh, hold on.
 [clicks back] it's george, he just got home.
yeah, yeah, i got cynthia on the other line.
alright, i'll call you back as soon as i'm done.
remember our pact.
 full disclosure.
of course.
 [clicks back to george] yeah, go ahead.
alright look, i'm gonna tell you, but i made a pact with cynthia, we swore we were not going to tell you and elaine.
you can tell me, i'll vault it.
it's in the vault?i'm locking the vault.
 what?we had sex.
oh my god, you had sex, how did that happen?i don't know.
 i closed my eyes and made a move.
at your apartment?yeah.
she didn't stay over?no, she left.
 listen, you can't mention any of this to elaine.
 cynthia will kill me, we made a deal.
oh my god.
he was uncomfortable because it was our first time so he felt he would perform better if we did it in the kitchen.
 he said the kitchen is always the most sociable room in the house.
 and he was serious.
so? how was it?how good could it be? my head was on a hot plate.
wait, i got another call, that must be jerry.
oh wait, don't you tell him any of this.
yeah, ok.
 [clicks over] hello?so, what did she have to say?what did he have to say?he said they had a good time.
her too.
oh, good.
anything else?nope.
 you?nope.
you sure?yup.
 you?yeah.
alright.
 well uh, guess everything is under control.
yeah.
 okay then.
alright.
 goodnight.
goodnight.
i left three messages.
 i can't believe this woman.
 she has sex with me, leaves ten minutes later then i never hear from her again.
 what kind of a person does this? i mean, she used me.
 i feel cheap and violated.
well, i'm gonna do something about this.
what are you gonna do?nevermind.
 disgraceful.
 leaves you sitting there on the kitchen floor like some kind of roach trap.
 wham, bam, thank you ma'am.
 sir, whatever.
 she's not going to get away with this.
i keep wracking my brain to try and figure out what i did.
 i was smart, i was funny, i made great small talk with the waitress so she could see i could relate to the commoners, you know, i'm a man of the people.
i'm gonna call her.
no, don't call her.
no, i'm calling her.
no, jerry, don't call.
no, forget it, i'm gonna call.
i don't want you to call.
get away from me, i'm gonna call her.
give me the phone!george, do you wanna fight? do you wanna fight?jerry, i'm gonna kill you!hey hey hey!! come on! jerry, george, now stop it!i'll just call her when you leave!you can't do that, it's none of your business!it is so my business!hey hey hey! i don't want to hear another word out of either one of you!but tell him to give me the--ay ay ay! the next one of you that opens up your mouth, says something, you're gonna have to deal with me.
 you know, i bet i know what this is about.
 it's about a woman, isn't it?no.
yeah, but--yeah yeah! you see, this is exactly what they want to do to you.
 they play one against the other.
 you can't let them manipulate you like that.
but kramer--noh noh noh! i want you guys to shake hands.
 come on, there are plenty of women out there for all of us, let's go.
yes.
 you see? isn't that better than fighting? animosity? i mean, you wanna fight with somebody, you fight with me.
 oh, by the way george, you know those condoms i gave you? they're defective, don't use them.
what?right.
defective?!defective.
 how could you give me a defective condom?!i didn't even know they were defective.
didn't even thin you were gonna use them.
what do you mean you didn't think i wasn't gonna use them?!take it easy, you guys, just spread out! don't worry about it, if anything was wrong she would have called you already!i missed my period.
oh my god.
i am very worried, i am never late.
but he used a condom, right?i know, but these things aren't always foolproof.
oh no.
what?was it blue?yeah.
 how'd you know?just a hunch.
ow! ow! twist off! twist off! twist off!oh, hi.
 soda?no thanks.
so tell me.
 what's the problem with your little flaky friend? she doesn't return calls?who are you to talk about her like that? she'll call him when she's good and ready.
 you don't even know her.
oh, i know her.
 i know her type.
her type? what type?the type that doesn't return phone calls.
 i knew we shouldn't have done this, it was a bad idea in the first place, i told you!you told me? you pushed this whole thing on me, it was your idea!i was just trying to help your bitter, twisted friend.
she's not bitter!well, bitter's a judgement call, but she's twisted!twisted? god, i did you a favor.
i thought you said they had a good time, is there anything else you're keeping from me?are you calling me a liar?i'm calling you one if you are one, are you a liar?are you?get your finger out of my face.
you get yours out, i was here first!i don't care.
get it out!hey hey, alright, hey hey, stop it! come on, break it up! what's the matter with you? now don't you two see that you're in love with each other? i mean, why can't you face that already? you're running around out there looking for something that's not even there, when everything that you dream of is right here, right here in front of you.
 now why can't you admit that? by the way, when you see george give him these, these'll work.
i knew those condoms were defective!how did you know they were defective?!because! because she missed her period!she missed her period? oh my god.
 i can't believe it! i'm a father! i did it! my boys can swim! i can do it! i can do it!so he shows up.
 he's all out of breath.
 he's disheveled.
 and he tells me that no matter what happens, whatever i decide is fine with him and that i could depend on him, and that he would be there to support me in whatever way i need.
 elaine, i was speechless.
wow.
 wow.
 you see? you think you know somebody.
i said to him, i really appreciate this, but i just got my period.
 and so, i asked him to come in, he came in--hi!sorry, we're a little late.
 we got so hung up in traffic.
what happened?acting.
very mature.
thank you.
 hi cynthia.
hi.
well this is a great place to sit you got here.
best seat in the house.
 right next to the kitchen.
 stop it, stop it.
so what are these?oh, we ordered some appetizers.
 start eating.
 this is good.
 oh, this is good.
wide open, i was wide open underneath! i had three inches on that guy.
 you two were hogging the ball.
me? it wasn't me i never even saw the ball.
 all you do is dribble.
i have to dribble, if i give it to you, you just shoot.
 you're a chucker.
oh i'm a chucker.
that's right, everytime you get the ball you shoot.
i can't believe you called me a chucker.
 no way i'm a chucker, i do not chuck, never chucked, never have chucked, never will chuck, no chuck!you chuck.
kramer am i a chucker?you're a chucker.
all these years i've been chuckin and you've never told me?well it's not an easy thing to bring up.
hey you know this is the first time we've ever seen each other naked.
believe me i didn't see anything.
oh, you didn't sneak a peak?no, did you?yeah, i snuck a peak.
why?why not? hey what about you george?yeah, i i snuck a peak.
 but it was so fast i didn't see anything.
 it was just a blur.
i made a conscious effort not to look.
 there's certain information i just don't want to have.
uh, i gotta go meet newman.
 all right.
 i'll see you later.
all righthave a good one.
all rightsee ya.
look at this guy.
 does he have to stretch in here?you know who that is? that'skeith hernandez? the baseball player?yeah, that's him.
are you sure?positive.
wow, keith hernandez.
 he's such a great player.
yeah, he's a real smart guy too.
 he's a civil war buff.
i'd love to be a civil war buff.
 what do you have to do to be a buffso biff wants to be a buff? well sleeping less than hours a day would be a start.
ho ho ho ho.
 you know i only got two weeks left of unemployment.
 i got to prove i've been looking for a job to get an extensionhey, should we say something to him?oh, yeah i'm sure he loves to hear from fans in the locker room.
well he could say hello to me.
 i wouldn't mind.
he's keith hernandez.
 you're jerry seinfeld.
so?what are you comparing yourself to keith hernandez.
 the guys a baseball player jerry, baseball!i know what he is.
 i recognized him.
 you didn't even notice him.
what, you are making some wisecracks in a night club wo wo wo.
 the guy was in game six two runs down two outs facing elimination.
excuse me.
 i don't want to disturb you, i'm keith hernandez and i just want to tell you what a big fan i am.
 i love your comedy.
really?i've always wanted to do what you do.
what i do? you are one of my favorite ball players of all timemine too.
i love that bit about jimmy olsonthank you.
you know keith, what i've always wondered, with all these ball clubs flying around all season don't you think there would be a plane crash?  do you perform anywhere in new york right now?i'm performing in this club on the east side.
 you should come in.
but if you think about it teams, games a season, you'd think eventually an entire team would get wiped out.
you know, i live on the east side.
i'll tell you what, i'll give you my number and uh, just give me a call, tell me whenever you want to go.
or maybe just to get together for a cup of coffeeoh.
 that would be great.
uh, it's only a matter of time.
who's this chucker?it's been three days and he hasn't called.
well maybe you should call him.
i can't i can'twhy not?i don't know.
 i just feel he should call me.
what's the difference?you don't understand, elaine.
 i don't want to be overanxious.
 if he wants to see me he has my number, he should call.
yech, look at this ashtray.
 i hate cigarettes.
i can't stand these guys.
 you give your number to them and then they don't call.
 why do they do that?i'm sorry honey.
i mean, i thought he liked me.
 i really thought he liked me.
 we were getting along.
 he came over to me i didn't go over to him.
no,why did he come over to me if he didn't want to see me?i know.
what did he come over to me if he didn't want to see me? i mean here i meet this guy this great guy, a baseball player, best guy i ever met in my life.
 well that's it.
 i'm never giving my number out to another guy again.
sometimes i've given my number out to guys and it takes them a month to call.
hu, good, good, well if he's calling in a month he's got a prayer!you know maybe he's been busy.
 maybe he's been out of town?oh, they don't have phones out of town? why do re too busy.
 too busy.
 pick up a phone!! it takes two minutes.
 how can you be too busy?why don't you just go ahead and call him?i can't call here, it's a coffee shop.
 i mean what am i going to say to him?just ask him if he wants a to get together.
for what dinner?dinner's good.
don't you think that's coming on a little too strong? isn't that like a turn off?jerry, he's a guy! this is all very confusing.
you know you only have two more weeks before your benefits run out.
yes and i was hoping to get a thirteen week extension.
so where have you been looking for work?well you know what i've discovered mrs.
 sokol.
 it's not so much the looking as the listening.
 i listen for work.
 and as i'm looking and listening i am also looking.
 you can't discount looking.
 it's sort of a combination.
 it's looking, and listening, listening and looking.
 but you must look.
can you be specific about any of these companies?specific, ah, lets see.
 i've walked in and out of so many buildings they all blend in together, i uh, well just give me one name.
absolutely, uh, lets see there's, uh, vandelay industries, i just saw them.
 i got very close there.
 very close.
and what type of company is that?latex, latex manufacturingand you interviewed there?yes, for a sales position.
 latex salesman, the selling of latex, and latex related products.
 they just wouldn't give me a chance.
i'm going to need an address and a phone number for this uh, vandelay company you like gum? cause i have a friend in the gum business.
 i got a gum guy.
 i make one phone call.
 i got boxes of delivered right to your door.
the address!yyyddsshe jose jimenez.
 you recognize it?no.
jose jimenez, verrry funny.
 very funny.
the address!uh, uh, vandelay industries, is uh.
 west st street.
 it's a very small industry vandelay.
 it's one of the reasons i wanted to uh, work for them.
the phone number.
that's uh, kl - .
 are you calling them soon because, they keep very strange hours.
as soon as i'm done wit you!sure, well uh, you know i'll check in with you next week uh, i gotta run now because i got a full plate this afternoon.
 all right, really go to uh,.
 ll call you back.
 s a par five.
 so you know i step up to the tee and i hit a beautiful drive right down the middle of the fairway.
 i mean you know my hook, right?elaine, how about this shirt? is this okay?jerry, he's a guy!well it's a dog leg left, so i play the hook right? hold on there's another call.
 jerry, jerry?george?kramer put jerry on the phone.
 m in the middle of something.
 call back.
kramer!! kramer no!! so the ball takes of and i'm waiting for it to turn.
hitting phoneyeah, i'll talk to jerry.
 yeah, [hangs up] .
 .
 .
 you know that was michael and carol.
 she's wondering when we're going to come over and see the baby.
oh, see the baby again with the baby who are they?uh, he's this guy who used to live in the building and they keep calling us to see the baby.
 t they just send us a tape?you know if you waited a few more months it won't be a baby anymore then you wouldn't have to see it.
uh uh because then it would be all grown up.
yeah ha ha hahey kramer what do you think of this shirt? s too busyit looks like you're trying too hard to make an impression on him.
 you're not being yourself.
what guy?i know he's just a guy but i like him.
who are you talkin about?uh, keith uh hernandez.
keith hernandez? keith hernandez?do me a favor would you? would you change lanes? would you get outta this lane.
 you gotta get out of this lane.
 this lane stinks.
 they're all double parked here please get outta this lane.
 i'm beggin you please please.
you know what, bad mistake my mistake do me a favor go back to the other lane - you'll never get there - forget this lane - y'a kn ow what this lane stinks - go back to the other lane - bad decision - go go go take this light - take this light -that's it get out!!get out?get out of my cab.
wa, i'm not getting out of this cabno, no! you can't throw me outhellooo newman.
i hate keith hernandez - hate him.
i despise him.
why?why? i'll tell you why let me tell it no, you can't tell it you always tell it all right, tell it.
ja ja ja - just tell itjune , .
 mets phillies.
 we're enjoying a beautiful afternoon in the right field stands when a crucial hernandez error to a five run phillies ninth.
 cost the mets the game.
our day was ruined.
 there was a lot of people, you know, they were waiting by the player's parking lot.
 now we're coming down the ramp [cut to film of the day - like the zabruter film - with the umbrella man and everything - oh so brilliant parody!!!] newman was in front of me.
 keith was coming toward us, as he passes newman turns and says, nice game pretty boy.
'.
 keith continued past us up the ramp.
a second later, something happened that changed us in a deep and profound way front that day forward.
what was it?he spit on us .
 and i screamed out, i'm hit!'then i turned and the spit ricochet of him and it hit me.
wow! what a story.
unfortunately the immutable laws of physics contradict the whole premise of your account.
 allow me to reconstruct this if i may for miss benes as i've heard this story a number of times.
newman, kramer, if you'll indulge me.
 according to your story keith passes you and starts walking up the ramp then you say you were struck on the right temple.
 the spit then proceeds to ricochet off the temple striking newman between the third and forth rib.
 the spit then cam off the rib turned and hit newman in the right wrist causing him to drop his baseball cap.
 the spit then splashed off the wrist, pauses in mid air mind you- makes a left turn and lands on newman's left thigh.
 that is one magic luggie.
well that's the way it happened.
what happened to your head when you got hit?well.
 uh, well my head went back and to the leftagainback and to the leftback and to the left back and to the leftso, what are you saying?i am saying that the spit could not have come from behind that there had to have been a second spitter behind the bushes on the gravelly road.
 if the spitter was behind you as you claimed that would have caused your head to pitch forward.
so the spit could have only come from the front and to the right.
but that is not what they would have you believe.
i'm leavin'.
 jerry's a nut.
 wait, wait, the sad thing is we may never know the real truth.
 did anybody call here asking for vandelay industries?no.
 what happened to you?now, listen closely.
 i was at the unemployment office and i told them that i was very close to getting a job with vandelay industries and i gave them your phone number.
 so, when now when the phone rings you've got to answer vandelay industries'.
i'm vandelay industries?right.
and what is that?you're in latexlatex? and what do i do with latex?ya manufacture it.
here in this little apartment?and what do i say about you?you're considering hiring me for your latex salesman.
i'm going to hire you as my latex salesman?right.
i don't think so.
 why would i do that?because i asked you to.
if you think i'm looking for someone to just sit at a desk pushing papers around, you can forget it.
 i have enough headaches just trying to manufacture the stuff.
yeah.
it's keith.
all right we're coming down.
keith hernandez:?yeah, come on elaine, lets go.
where are you goin?he's giving me a ride you know there had to have been a second spitter.
 but who was it? who had the motive?that's what i've been trying to figure out the past five years.
what the hell are you two talking about? well that was really fun, thanks.
yeah, it really was.
well, uh, do you want to catch a movie this weekend? have you seen jfk?no, i haven't.
sure, that would be great.
i mean, if you want to.
well, how about this friday?yeah, friday's okay.
well, good night [holds hand out and shakes hand]goodnight.
 oh, jer, by the way, the woman we gave a ride to earlier tonight,elaine?yeah.
 what's her story?uh, i don't know, we used to go out.
would you mind if i gave her a call?for a date?yeah.
oh, no, uh, go ahead.
 you got a pen?you sure you don't mind? .
 so then we went to dinner.
who paid?we split it.
split it.
 pretty good.
 talk about game six?naw, i gotta wait until its just the right time.
yeahit's elaine.
come on up.
so then what?uh, nuthin'.
 then he took me home.
shake his hand? yeahwhat kind of a shake does he have?good shake.
 perfect shake.
 single pump, not too hard, you know, doesn't have to prove anything, but, you know, firm enough to know he was there.
so, uh, you gonna see him again?he asked me if i was doing anything friday night.
wow! the weekend.
so then as i was getting out of the car, hihi elaine.
sooo, how was your date?what date? it's a guy.
so you know , he called me.
already?keith called you?he he this guy really gets around.
do you mind?i don't mind at all.
 why should i mind? what did he say?he asked me out for saturday night.
oh, ya going?i told him i was busy.
ah, really.
so, we're going out friday.
friday?yeah.
he's going out with you on friday?yeah.
he's supposed to see me on friday.
oh, uh, i didn't know.
we made plans.
well, uh, i'll cancel it.
no, don't cancel it.
huh.
 well this is a little awkward, isn't it/well, frankly it is.
i've never seen you jealous before.
well you're not even a fan.
 i was at game six - you didn't even watch it.
wait a second wait a minute, you jealous of him or you jealous of me?any hennigans around here?vandelay industries, kel varnsen speaking.
 may we help you? oh hi keith.
 na, i was just jokin aroundno.
 no.
 i don't mind at all.
 no, no, no, i can cancel.
sure, we can do something next week.
 i can cancel.
no, its no problem at all.
 i, okay, take it easy.
 re going to do something next week.
heyhey what are you doing friday night?friday night? nothin', now.
okay, wanna come with me and see the baby?fasten your seat belts.
 we're goin to see the baby.
come on, if you don't see the baby now you're never gonna see itall right, i'll goall rightyallo.
 what delay industries?no no ,  vandelay, say vandelay!na, you're way way way off well, yeah that's the right number but this is an apartment vandelay industries, no problem, no problem.
 [hangs up] how did you know who that was?and you want to be my latex salesman.
just sign here please.
i know who it was too.
 it was the guy who interviewed me.
 he was very threatened by me.
 why else wouldn't he hire me? i could sell latex like that .
sign that.
who is this? it's my daughta'this is your daughter? my god! my god! i i hope you don't mind my saying.
 she is breathtaking.
ya think so?ah, would you take this picture away from me.
 take it away and get it outta here.
 let me just sign this and go.
you know she doesn't even have a boyfriend.
okay, okay.
 who do you think you're talking to? what are ya' you trying to make a joke, because it's not funny.
 i can tell you that.
i'm serious.
it's one think to not give me the extension but to tease and to torture me like this.
 there's no call for that.
would you like her phone numba'?mrs.
 sokol i, i don't know what to say.
 i, uh, where should i sign this thing?no no no, don't worry about it.
so tell me more about this game six.
well, there was two outs, bottom of the tenth, we're one out away from losing the series.
ooooh ahhh koochie koochie koochie koo hello.
 how are you/so, wadda ya think? do you love her?yes.
 i do love her.
 you have a very nice place here.
so how do you think she looks like?lyndon johnson.
what? lyndon johnson?he's joking.
i'm not joking.
 she looks like lyndon johnson.
jerry, i can't believe it took you so long to come see the baby.
 i kept saying to michael, when is jerry going to see the baby?'i was saying the same thing.
let's take a picture.
 michael, get the camera.
uh, you don't have to take a picture.
i don't know where it is.
it's in the bottom draw of are dressa'.
 hurry up! he's such an idiot.
jerry, you want to pick her up?i better not.
i'll pick her up.
glad you enjoyed it.
 millions and millions [pause] would i like to come up? i would love to come up.
 i, i'm fighting not to.
 fighting! unfortunately i uh have to get an early start tomorrow.
 gotta get up and hit that pavementi got me an appointment with a hardware store.
 i'm not saying i want to do it for the rest of my life, but, uh, hardware fascinates me.
 don't you love to make a key?[pause] tonight?will i call you when i get home? ha ha what do you think? ee, you kill me kill mewell it was an accident.
 right jerry it was an accident.
 ah, she's going to be all right.
 baby, baby, ah, baby.
well, thanks for a nice evening.
 it was really fun.
yeah, it was.
 [mind] gosh, should i kiss her good night?[mind] is he going to try to kiss me?i love cajun cooking.
really, you know my mom's one quarter cajun.
uh, my father's half drunk.
 ha ha ha hamaybe they should get together.
 [mind] go ahead.
 kiss her.
 i'm a baseball player dammit.
[mind] what's he waiting for? i thought he was a cool guy.
[mind] come on i won the mvp in .
 i can do whatever i want to.
[mind] this is getting awkward.
well, goodnightgood night[mind] who does this guy think he is?[mind] i'm keith hernandez.
uh, who else? mookie.
 mookie was there.
 do you know him?i don't know him.
 i know who he is.
hum, he's such a great guy.
 you should meet him.
 you know he's the one who got that hit i know.
 he got the hit in game six.
 so, so then what happened?nuthin'.
 then he took me home.
so, did you two, uh, have uh, what?! you knowmilk?no!cookies?did he kiss you good night?i dunno.
what do you mean you don't know?all right.
 he kissed me.
 okay?well, what kind of a kiss? was it a peck? was it a kiss? was it a long make out thing?between a peck and a make out.
so, you like him.
i don't understand.
 before you were jealous of me.
 now you're jealous of him?ah, i'm jealous of everybody.
hello.
 oh, hi.
 what's happening? what? oh um, sure, um, yeah, okay, uh.
 i'll see you then.
 yeah, yeah, bye.
who was that?that was keith.
what's going on?he wants me to help him move.
help him move? move what?you know, furniture.
so, what did you say?i said yes, but i don't feel right about it.
 i mean i hardly know the guy.
 that's a big step oin a relationship.
 the biggest.
 that's like going all the way.
and you feel you're not really ready for, well we went out one time.
 don't you think that's coming on a little too strong?what's going on?keith hernandez just asked me to help him move.
what? well, you hardly know the guy .
 what a nerve.
 you see wasn't i right about this guy? didn't i tell you? now, you're not going to do it are you? i said yes.
you said yes!? don't you have any pride or self respect? i mean, how can you prostitute yourself like this? i mean what are you going to do? you're going to start driving him to the airport?i'm not driving him to the airport! yeah yeahhey kramer do me a favour .
what?don't mention it to anybody.
i wish you never mentioned it to me.
 [exits]i had a great time tonight carrie.
 and i am going to call you as soon as i get home.
don't botthabother, wa', what kind of bother?i would prefa it if ya didn'.
why? is there anything wrong?it's over buddy.
 done.
 finished.
 so long.
 good bye.
 adios.
 sayanara.
why?i bin thinkin about it.
 you got no job.
 you got no prospects.
 you're like biff loman.
i went to the hardware store interview.
you think i'm going to spend my life with somebody because he can get me a deal on a box of nails?i thought were a team.
if i ever need a drill bit i'll call you.
 carrie, could you do me a favour? could you not mention this to your mother?ya know i hate to brag but, uh, i did win eleven straight golden gloves.
 i wouldn't have brought it up but since you mentioned it.
ha, i didn't mention it.
well i won them anyway.
well so what.
 i mean you played first base.
 i mean they always put the worst player on first base.
 that's were they put me and i stunk.
elaine.
 you don't know the first thing about first base.
ha ha well i know something about getting to first base.
 and i know you'll never be there.
the way i figure it i've already been there and i plan on rounding second tonight at around eleven o'clock.
well, uh, i'd watch the third base coach if i were you cause i don't think he's waving you in.
 you know i hate to say this but i think we're really hitting it off.
 get it? get it?funny.
what are you doing?what's that?you smoke?yeah.
i didn't know you smoked.
is that a problem?uh, she likes him i mean she really likes him.
how do you kn ow?who wouldn't like him? i like him.
 and i'm a guy.
i suppose he's an attractive man, i , forget that.
 he's a ball player.
 mvp< .
 i'm making wise cracks in some night club.
 this guy was in game six.
 they're a perfect match.
 they like go together.
 they're like one of these brother and sister couples that look alike.
hate those couples.
 i could never bee one of those couples.
 there are no bald woman around.
 you know?you know i know this sounds a little arrogant but i never thought she would find anyone she would like better than me.
 ya know, i guess i had my chance and that's that.
you know what i would like to do? i would really like to have sex with a tall woman.
 i mean really tall.
 like a like a giant like six five.
really?what was the tallest woman you ever slept with?i don't know six three.
wow, god! you see this is all i think about.
 sleeping with a giant.
 it's my life's ambition.
so i guess it's fair to say you've set different goals for yourself than say, thomas edison, magellan, these types of people.
magellan? you like magellan?oh, yeah,.
 my favourite explorer.
 around the world.
 come on.
who do you like?i like desoto.
desoto? what did he do?discovered the mississippi.
oh.
 like they wouldn't have found that anyway.
all right, i've got to go down to the unemployment office.
 wanna take a walk?no i can't i've got some stuff to do then i've got to meet keith at my apartment at three.
 i'm helping him move.
what? the guy asked you to help him move? wow.
i know isn't that something?he's got money.
 why doesn't he just pay a mover?i don't know he's got some valuable antiques, he's worried they'll break something.
the next thing you know, he'll have you driving him to the airport i'm not driving him to the airport!!i gave.
 i gave everything i could mrs.
 sokol.
 but nothing was good enough for her.
sign here please.
ha, i don't know who she's looking for.
 i don't know.
 i'll tell you something.
 she's very particular, your daughter.
 very particular.
 what is she looking for some big hot shot businessman? well i've got my pride too.
 i'm not going to beg her.
all right just sign it.
 people are waiting.
you, uh, you like baseball? [picks up baseball from desk]that was autographed by the mets.
 i saw every inning that year.
funny, cause i happen to be very good friends with keith hernandez.
you know keith hernandez.
know him? would you, uh, like to meet him?oh, come on.
 come on.
i can produce keith hernandez right here within the hour.
all right.
 you got one hour.
all right mrs.
 s.
 i and my good pal keith hernandez will be right back.
 west st street and hurry.
goodbye better bring your gloves, it's freezing out there.
 it shouldn't take too long.
 i'd say maybe, oh, four hours.
 really though, jerry, there's not that much.
 first we got the bedroom, we got two dressers and the bed.
is there a box spring?what's that?is there a box spring?yeah there's a box spring but it's attached to the headboard and we'll have to take that apart.
 then we got the couch.
is that a sectional?yeah.
 twelve pieces.
 <not clear> coffee table.
is that a thick marble?three inches thick.
 got it in italy.
 but the big problem is going to be the convertible sofa.
 you see when you move it it tends to open up so it's going to be real difficult getting it down the stairs.
stairs??? there's no elevator?nah, it's a brownstone.
 three floors.
i'm sorry i can't do this.
 i can't do it.
 i can't.
 it, it's too soon.
 i don't know you.
 i can't help you move.
 i'm sorry.
 i can't.
 i just can't.
hello.
hello.
oh, you don't remember me.
no should i [continuity error: in fact he should from the basketball game]yeah, you should.
 i certainly remember you.
 let me refresh your memory.
june th, .
 mets phillies.
 you made a big error.
 cost the mets the game.
 then you're coming up the parking lot ramp.
you said, nice game, pretty boy.
'ah, you remember.
and then you spit on us.
hey, i didn't spit at you.
oh, yeah, right.
no no no, well, then who was it?well lookit, the way i remember it s when you called me pretty boy.
 it ticked me off.
 i started to turn around to say something and as i turned around i saw roger mcdowell behind the bushes over by that gravely road.
 anyway he was talking to someone and they were talking to you.
 i tried to scream out but it was too late.
 it was already on its way.
i told you!wow, it was mcdowell.
but why? why mcdowell?well, maybe because we were sitting in the right field stands cursing at him in the bullpen all game.
he must have caught a glimpse of us when i poured that beer on his head.
it was mcdowell.
oh boy.
 uh, look uh, keith, uh, we're sorry.
yeah, i couldn't be sorrier.
 i uh.
look guys, don't worry about it, i uh, well i guess i better get going.
wait, uh what are ya doing?i gotta move.
want any help?i'd love some.
i'd love to help you move.
me too.
ok guys, we gotta be careful of one thing.
 some of the stuff's very fragile we're going to have to handle it like a baby.
no sweat.
hello, oh hi elaine what's going on no he just left you broke up with him? me too what happened? oh smoking you know you're like going out with c.
 everet coope me nah i couldn't go through with it i just didn't feel ready so what are you doing now? oh, great idea, i'll meet you there in like thirty minutes.
 okay bye.
keith, keith wa what happened? where's keith?you just missed him.
 he just left.
 what do you need him for? ll take five minutes.
 wait.
 wait.
well biff/ what's next?i don't know.
excuse me.
 i was walking behind you and you dropped your wallet.
it's all departures.
 i see nothing but departures.
 do you know where the arrivals are?excuse me, sir, do you have the time?there's a clock over there.
where? there.
but you have a watch on.
it's right by the escalator.
why don't you just look at your watch?i told you, it's right over there.
let me see the watch.
hey! what are you, some kind of nut?!you know we're living in a society!george.
jerry.
 jerry.
sorry, the flight was delayed, how long've you been waiting?i just got here.
 my car broke down on the belt parkway.
oh i can't believe-- why don't you get rid of that piece of junk.
one mile from the exit it starts shaking, really violently shaking, like it's having a nervous breakdown.
 it completely stopped dead.
so you have no car?no.
so what good are you?i'll tell you one thing, this chauffeur's gonna be waiting a while, o'brien's not showing up.
how do you know?he was in chicago, the flight was overbooked, wouldn't let him on the plane.
 he kept screaming how he had to get to madison square garden.
we should take his limo.
yeah, right.
wait a second.
 think about it.
 he's not showing up.
 wait till you see the line of cabs, its like forty-five minutes long.
 you said he's in chicago.
he's definitely in chicago.
well the guy's just standing there.
how would we do it?we just go up to him, we say, we're o'brien.
'maybe he knows o'brien?no, he doesn't know o'brien, if he knew o'brien he wouldn't have a sign.
 let's just do it.
what if we get caught?what's gonna happen? they can't kill us.
who's gonna be o'brien?i'll be o'brien.
who am i?you're you.
just me?yeah.
okay.
what, you don't want to be you?well if you're gonna be o'brien, why can't i be somebody?like who?dylan murphy.
what, now you wanna be dylan murphy?well i like dylan.
you could be colin.
colin o'brien.
i'm dylan murphy.
i'm colin o'brien.
are we really doing this?come on, hey, do you have the time?clock over there.
 brien.
yes sir.
sorry we're late.
here let me take that for you.
oh thank you.
i'll get the car and i'll bring it around front.
thank you very much.
 dylan?colin?this is incredible! this is one of the greatest things i've ever done in my life! i'm gonna call my mother.
what for?i dunno, i'm in a limo.
 t care! no! fine! never!!she happy for you?can he hear us?no.
 why?i thought i saw him look in the mirror suspiciously.
he can't hear us.
let's test him.
 hey, driver.
 what do you say we stop off, pick up your sister, have a little fun back here? no, he can't hear us.
where's he dropping us? maybe we can get him to drop us right at my house?we'll ask him.
 my dear fellow, where are you dropping us?madison square garden, of course.
 i have the four passes.
of course, the uh, the four passes.
 four passes to madison square garden? wait a minute.
 wait a minute! of course! chicago! the knicks are playing the bulls tonight!what?we are going to the knick game! michael jordan!we're going to the knick game!did i tell you?! did i tell you?!i can't believe it! you may have hit with this one!you see, you see? i see things as they are and i say, no! uh, wait, you see things as they are not and you s- wait, uh, you see things, do you see things as they are? what do you say when you see things?lemme call elaine and kramer.
if i see things as they are, i would ask why or why not?'elaine? it's me.
 what are you doing tonight? great.
 george and i have tickets, four free passes to the knicks-bulls game, madison square garden.
 can you go? great, listen, call kramer, tell him to meet us on the corner at seven o'clock.
 alright.
 we're gonna pick you up in a limo.
 that's right baby-doll.
 hey listen, when we pick you up, i'm murphy and george is o'brien.
 i can't tell you now, it's a long story.
 i am serious.
 okay.
 okay bye.
 scuse me, driver, we have to make a little stop first.
i know.
he knows?where are we going? why are we pulling off here?maybe it's a shortcut.
we're on the grand central, there's no traffic.
 scuse me, driver, why are we getting off this exit?pick up the other members of your party.
right.
 the other members of our party.
 m telling you, the jig is up.
it was a bad jig to begin with, we never should have started this jig.
it was a good jig.
it was a bad jig, a terrible terrible jig.
 what are we gonna do now? they're gonna know you're not o'brien.
there could be more than one o'brien on a plane who ordered a limo.
first of all, you don't look like any o'brien, period.
well you should have been o'brien.
i don't want to be murphy anymore; do i still have to be murphy?yes, you have to be murphy.
it makes no sense now, me being murphy.
you're murphy!i'm seinfeld!you're murphy!! look, let's just jump out of the car.
we're doing sixty miles an hour!so we jump and roll, you won't get hurt.
who are you, mannix?we're slowing down.
 are those the people?alright put your hands up over your face, pretend you're sleeping.
 brien?no, i'm, uh, dylan murphy.
 mr.
 o'brien had a long trip, he's sleeping.
 re faithful readers of his newsletter.
newsletter?and of course, his great book, the game'.
oh, yes, he's very proud of his work in the big game.
 so you've never uh, met him before?no.
never seen a picture of him?never.
not even on the book jacket?there was no picture on the book jacket.
 mon, we got company.
 wake up.
hello.
 i'm o'brien.
hey!hey!what, you took a cab?yeah? so?how much do you make?i'm not telling you.
c'mon.
no!i'll tell you how much i make.
i know how much you make.
 i don't even know why i'm doing this, i don't even like basketball.
you ever seen michael jordan?just in those commercials.
maybe you'll see him do one of those three-sixty dunks.
what's that?oh, it's like this, here, you guard me.
huh?yeah.
 re gonna make the tip off.
you think someone's been tipped off?so, um, you've read the big game', have you? ve memorized it.
tell me your impressions, i would love to hear what a young woman thinks of the big game'.
well, this is sort of embarrassing, but it's changed my life.
 the way you analyzed the game? the way you identify the major players? well it left me breathless.
 you're a brilliant, brilliant man.
well, it's just a game.
 remember that, kids.
just a game.
 he's so humble.
 don't forget what you wrote in the epilogue, the fate of the world depends on the outcome of this game.
well, i was exaggerating a bit, just for effect.
he tends to exaggerate.
okay, i mean it's serious but--we are really looking forward to your speech tonight.
uh, my speech?yes, your secretary faxed me the copy.
 would you like to look it over?well you might as well look it over.
so what's going on, how did all this happen?jerry and george called me from this limo and they said we're all going to the knicks-bulls game.
limo? i thought that george went to pick him up.
he did.
well then why would they take a limo from the airport?i don't know.
that's pretty strange.
 did he say anything else?yeah.
 he said, um, he said it's really important that we call them o'brien and murphy.
o'brien.
 why would he want to be called o'brien? and the jews steal our money through their zionist occupied government and use the black man to bring drugs into our oppressed white minority communities.
you're not going to open with that, are you?what was that you said about the myth of the holocaust?i said so many things.
they're shooting! they're shooting! alright, get down!that's really very nice of you, eva.
 thank you.
but of course you know i would.
 i would do anything for you.
 anything.
nothing to worry about, it was just a flat tire.
 but rest assured, we're prepared to handle anything that might come up.
nice looking lugar.
i'm standing in front of the paramount adjacent to madison square garden where a growing number of vociferous and angry demonstrators are gathering to protest the very first public appearance of donald o'brien, the leader of the midwestern regional chapter of the aryan union, and reputed to be their most charismatic spokesman.
 the reclusive mr.
 o'brien is an advocate of the violent overthrow of the government.
 he has openly professed a deep admiration of adolf hitler.
 even david duke has denounced him as a dangerous extremist.
 there is a full house inside awaiting his arrival from the airport.
 sources tell me he is in route and should be arriving momentarily.
 police have set up barricades, but quite frankly bill and jean, i don't think they're any match for the emotional fuse that has been lit here tonight.
 reporting from the paramount, i'm jodi baskerville, back to you in the studio.
something's very strange.
 george goes to the airport to pick up jerry.
 they come back in a limo with four tickets to the basketball game and wanna be called o'brien and murphy? o'brien.
 o'brien, why o'brien?elaine?dan! oh, hi dan, how are you?good.
um, oh, this is um, kramer.
oh, kramer?what's going on?oh, we're heading down to protest this big neo-nazi rally.
 the head of the aryan union is speaking, he's in from chicago.
 you should come.
oh, can't, i'm going to the knicks-bulls game.
oh, well that's where the rally is.
 the paramount, right next door.
oh, well, maybe we'll run into you.
yeah, yeah ok.
 it's really gonna be something, this is the first time he's ever appeared in public, no one even knows what he looks like.
who?the head of the aryan union; o'brien.
what's taking him so long out there?didja see the way she was looking at me?she's a nazi, george.
 a nazi!i know, i know.
 kind of a cute nazi though.
well we gotta make a plan before they come back, what are we gonna do?i don't know.
let's just make a run for it.
i can't run, i have a bad hamstring.
how'd that happen?i hurt it in a hotel room.
 you know where they tuck the covers in real tight in those hotel rooms? i can't sleep like that so i tried to kick it out and i pulled it.
i know, why do they make that bed so tight? you gotta sleep with your feet like that.
for a mental patient.
 wait a minute, the phone, we'll call the police.
 .
 she said she'd do anything.
 hello, police? uh, yeah listen, we're in the back of a limo in queens----astroturf? you know who's responsible for that, don't you?! the jews! ah, the jews hate grass.
 they always have, they always will.
we'll be ready in a minute.
would you excuse us for a minute tim boy, we're kind of in the middle of something.
with all due respect, mr.
 o'brien, we're just about to leave.
tim, who's the head of the aryan union, you or me?you are.
and who's responsible for making hate mongering and fascism popular again?you are.
good.
 i think you forgot something.
i'm sorry.
good.
 now get out.
okay, what are we gonna do?i don't know.
alright, how's this? we wait till we get to your street corner, we see elaine and kramer then we get out.
 they can't shoot us in the city.
nah.
 no one's ever been shot in the city.
i'm telling you, something's going on.
 i can feel it, sense it.
i'm sure he was just joking around.
oh no no no, this is no joke.
 o'brien's coming in from chicago, jerry's in a limo, says he's o'brien? that's not funny.
 oh my god.
 yes.
 yes!what is it?don't you see? there's always been something very strange about jerry, always so clean and organized.
 do i have to spell it out for you? the limo? the name? the rally at madison square garden? jerry, o'brien are the same person.
 jerry is the leader of the aryan union!jerry's a nazi?!i can't believe i didn't see it.
listen, you idiot! just calm down! i know jerry, he's not a nazi.
you don't think so.
no, he's just neat.
you know it's funny.
 you don't look like an o'brien.
me??and you really don't look like a murphy.
i may not look like a murphy but i act like a murphy.
he's extremely murphy.
 he's murphy to a fault.
where are you from?dublin.
 originally.
 parents came over here when i was eighteen.
 cereal famine.
 couldn't get a bowl anywhere.
 bad.
 tis a beautiful country though; lush rolling hills, and the peat, ah the peat.
sounds more like scottish.
we were right on the border.
maybe he's with the company.
what?the cia! maybe they placed him in there to infiltrate the organization from within.
what about his comedy act?that's the perfect cover! all that time on the road? look jerry, he's too normal to be a comedian.
 these comedians, they're sick, neurotic people.
what about george?what about him, he's part of it.
 his whole personality is a disguise.
 no real person can act the way he does.
 elaine, i'm telling you they're with the organization.
 they're all part of it.
 he's in there with helms and hunt and liddy, that whole crowd.
 george and jerry, they probably know who killed kennedy!i'll bet they were even in on it.
alright, what are we gonna do? i'm not gonna let him hurt you.
 m not gonna.
kramer, you're hurting me!those are my friends i was telling you about.
 we're gonna talk to them, pull over.
get off of me!!o'brien.
let's get him!!what do i do?! what do i do?!get in the car! get in the car! s tricks, murphy?why did you call him o'brien and him murphy?no, he was talking to me, he's cross-eyed.
it could be very confusing.
yeah? eva?it's for me.
 brien.
o'brien? well that's weird.
 who are you?a limousine has just pulled up it's being surrounded by a huge group of protestors, this has the makings of a very ugly scene.
they are banging on the car, trying to flip it over.
 the police seem unable or unwilling to control the crowd, i would imagine mr.
 o'brien must be having some very grave doubts if he made the right choice for his first public appearance.
get out!!look, it's dan! hi dan!elaine?hey!i am not o'brien! i am not o'brien! i'm not o'brien! ask anyone! jerry?! jerry?!!you know it's bad enough you have a car phone, you have to use the speaker?it's safer! plus it's more annoying to the other person.
oh look at this guy.
what's goin on?oh there's a guy trying to get in front of me, he has to ask permission.
 yes.
 go ahead.
 get in, get in.
did you get a thank you wave?no, nothing.
 how could you not give a thank you wave? hey buddy! where's my thank you wave?give me that wave!jerry, are you free on friday?yeah, i'm free, why?ah, god, i bumped into robin sandusky today, she asked me to have dinner with her and her husband.
oh my god! you won't believe what i just saw! a car just bashed into a parked car, and sped off, right on my block!you gotta follow that car!what?you can't let him get away with that!elaine, the guy could be dangerous.
what are you, yellow?i'm not yella.
 jerry, if you don't follow him, you're yella.
wait, he stopped, he's parking.
what? what? i can't hear you.
 jerry?uh, excuse me, uh, i was uh, driving behind you, uh, a few blocks back, and i, i couldn't help, uh, maybe you didn't realize, uh, i witnessed that, uh, um, you're tire's a little low.
 that can affect the performance of the twin high-beam suspension, not to mention your rack and pinion steering.
so i wound up going out for a decaf cappuccino with her.
boy! what a story! i'm speechless.
 speechless.
 i have no speech.
you know, i really liked her.
 we talked.
 we flirted.
 and when she left, she reached out and touched my arm.
he, he, he.
 i love when they touch your arm.
 i can't get enough of that.
 why is that?let's not even analyze it.
so you didn't turn her in?i wanted to but i couldn't go through with it.
gonna see her again?friday night.
yep.
it's me!come on up.
by the way, elaine does not need to know about anything.
hey, hey, hey! i dig.
oh, you dig?yes! i see enormous potential here.
why?because great couples always have a great story about how they met.
 that's why i've never been in a long term relationship.
 i've never had a good meeting story.
i wonder if i'm nuts for pursuing this woman at all.
i don't think so.
look, she slammed into a parked car! she took no responsibility for mutilating the property of a stranger, then she sped off like a criminal!on the other hand, does that mean she should never be allowed to date again? you scratch one car and you're forbidden to have social contact for the rest of your life?!what am i drinking, milk?hey!hi.
sweater.
thank you.
so? what happened?with that?with the car!what car?the hit and run!oh, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, the hit and run.
 well.
 actually, the guy went into queens.
queens?! you followed him over the bridge?over the bridge.
 oh, well i didn't know you went into queens jerry.
yeah, queens.
so? then what?so he gets out of the car, i say, hey buddy! i saw you hit that car! so he says to me, what are ya gonna do about it?'so i said to him, whatever's necessary.
'i am speechless.
 i am without speech.
tell her about the shoving.
what?what shoving?!oh, it was nothing.
no! tell her.
well he kinda lost his temper, and he was pushing me up against the car.
 so i went into a karate stance.
 you know karate??i know a little.
well, this is so, amazing to me! jerry what did do?he backed off.
 pretty pathetic actually.
hey! did you tell kramer?ah, nah! what? what? what? tell me.
jerry saw this guy crash into a car, and he followed him.
good for you! what kind of a sick lowlife would do a thing like that? you know those people, you know they're mentally disturbed.
 they should be sent to australia.
australia?yeah, yeah, that's where england used to send their convicts.
but not anymore.
no.
hey kramer, kramer!yeah?what happened to you right here? i don't know!you know i was watching entertainment tonight, and uh, suddenly i got dizzy.
 and the next thing i know i hit my head on the coffee table.
well, that is, that is strange.
yep.
 alright, oh jerry, we're still on for friday night, right?oh friday, i can't, i'm sorry, i have a date.
but last night you said you were free! we just met.
maybe it was a reaction to the sardines.
but i, i can't go alone!ask george to go with you.
george, come on! i'll pay for you.
you'll pay? i'm there.
why do you even need anybody?because i hate being at a table alone, with a married couple.
 talking about their married friends, and their married furniture.
 they're always trying to make me feel like their life is so much better than mine.
 you know, i have a very exciting life.
 it's very exciting.
 you went out with a bullfighter?yes, well, an ex-bullfighter now.
wow.
what was his name?his name? name, um, his name was uh, uh, eduardo carochio.
pass the salt please.
where did you meet him?um, actually, i met him in switzerland, and he was fighting uh, is that the word they use? fighting? because they don't really fight the bull, they avoid fighting the bull.
bread.
i just love meeting new people.
 you know that's how you really do learn about life.
god bless you.
thank you.
i wasn't going to say anything, but then i could see that he wasn't going to open his mouth.
 you know who's a good actor? anthony quinn.
oh, anthony quinn, fine actor.
 but from what i understand, not a very good driver.
 hits everything on the road.
 but always leaves a note.
did you ever see zorba the greek?excellent film.
 in fact quinn said he never felt so good as when he left a note after smacking into a car.
come here.
 really, i was, i was only kidding around.
he was only joking michael.
you think you're so damn special because you say god bless you'?no, no, i don't think i'm special.
 my mother always said i'm not special.
he was only joking michael! sorry.
all right! take his side!i am not taking his side.
well who's side are you taking?!well i'm not taking your side!kirk douglas.
 now there's another very bad driver.
 but he's such an unbelievable guy, that when he hits someone, he doesn't even leave a note.
 he sits in his car and waits for the other person to show up so he can exchange license, registration, and apologize.
i said god bless you'.
 was that so wrong?the question is, did you allow a space for the husband to come in with his god bless you'? because as the husband, he has the right to first refusal.
it's me.
come on up.
yes, yes, i definitely waited.
 but let me say this: once he passes on that option, that god bless you is up for grabs.
no argument.
 unless, she's one of these multiple sneezers, and he's holding his god bless you in abeyance, until she completes the series.
well i don't think she is a multiple sneezer, because she sneezed again later, and it was also a single.
what if she's having an off night?hi!hi.
well! if it isn't mister gesuntheit!oh ya, like there's something wrong with saying god bless you'.
 i was raised to say god bless you'.
ah, shut up.
what does it mean anyway? god bless you'.
 it's a stupid stuperstition'.
a stupid what?whatever.
you know, if you want to make a person feel better after they sneeze, you shouldn't say god bless you', you should say, you're soo good lookin''.
yeah, yeah, that's better than god bless you'.
 anyway, she left a message on my machine, she wants you to call her.
who?robin!why?!well i assumed she called to apologize, that's why she called me.
entertainment tonight's on.
where's the remote phone?bedroom.
hey, grab jerry's sweater for me, would you?what's it like out?chilly out.
can i take a sweater?yeah, you can take a sweater if you want to.
scarf?nah, hey, shut this off, shut it off.
what's the matter? what's going on?what happened?!what?i think i hit my head again!what is wrong?!hey, hey, wait a minute! let me ask you something.
 kramer, the last time you hit your head, was mary hart on tv?yeah.
that is it!what?that is it! mary hart's voice, don't you see? there's something about mary hart's voice that's giving you seizures.
 just like, just like, just like that woman in albany!mary hart!god.
what?well she apologized, and then she wanted to know if we could get together wednesday afternoon.
get together?maybe she just wants to talk to me?married women don't get together'.
 they have affairs.
oh my god, an affair.
 that's so adult.
 it's like with stockings and martinis, and william holden.
 on the other hand it probably wouldn't cost me any money.
are you actually considering this?i can't have an affair with a married woman, that's despicable!yeah, it's like hitting a car and driving away without leaving a note.
yeah.
hey, you know who owns that car?what car?the one that was hit a couple of nights ago.
yeah who?that blond across the street.
 you know the one with the long ponytail, she wears those blue sweatpants.
the blond with the blue sweatpants! yeah, i think i've seen her.
well i've got to get going.
 i'm meeting a guy with grey sweatpants.
wait, wait, wait, how do you know it's not john tesh?the blond with the blue sweatpants!well, who is she?i've had a crush on this woman for year! i've always been afraid to approach her! she looks like she belongs on one of these hallmark cards.
oh right, right! the blue sweatpants! gees, it's too bad you can't say anything because of angela.
oh yeah.
 too bad.
 angela.
 lousy thug.
 i mean what kind of sick person does something like that? that woman belongs in prison! i mean, i actually owe it to society to do something about this! i can't sit by and allow this to go on.
 it's a moral issue is what it is!you can't compromise your principles!how am i going to live with myself?!can't live!i'm not religious, but i certainly know where to draw the line!this country needs more people like you!don't sell yourself short saying god bless you to every tom, dick and harry in great personal risk.
i believe strongly in that as you know.
there should be more people like us.
that's why the world's in the shape it's in.
you're telling me.
anyway, i just wanted you to know, that i'm going to do everything i can to make sure the party responsible is made to be responsible or something very close to that.
well god bless you.
thank you very much.
oh my god.
 i must be crazy.
 what have i done?oh no, what's wrong?what's wrong? i'll tell you what's wrong.
 i just committed adultery!you didn't commit adultery, i did.
oh yeah.
if i didn't do it with you, i would have done it with someone else.
well, i wouldn't want you to do that.
 you know there's a lot of losers out there.
maybe even someone who didn't say god bless you'.
well, that's a given.
in three years with michael, not one god bless you'.
must be hell living in that house.
hi, it's michael.
hi, michael!is robin there?robin? no, why?uh, she said she was going to be with you.
no i haven't spoken to her all day-uh, yeah right, um, as a matter of fact, um, she was here, and she uh, left a note, but i wasn't here, but i have the note, uh, right here.
if she's not with you, then where is she?well i, i don't know.
is she with your bald friend from the other night?!no, no, come on michael!he's finished! i'm going to sew his ass to his face! i'm going to twist his neck so hard his lips will be his eyebrows! i'm going to break his joints, and reattach them!you're soo good lookin'.
now you listen to me, suck face! you tell anybody, anything, and i will carve my initials in your brain tissue!let me rephra-i'll bash your skull into a vegematic like a bad cabbage, and i'll have a party on your head!hi elaine, this is angela.
i'll pluck all your body hairs out with my teeth!well i think i get the gist of it.
so you don't say anything to anybody about me hitting that car!what car?good.
 i'm glad we understand each other.
it's not complicated.
very nice meeting you!come on up.
well, well, well, mr.
 seinfeld! that must have been so frightening! when you confronted that guy, in queens! now, let's just see if i've got this scenario right.
alright elaine.
no, no, no, no, no.
 because i'm picturing french connection', kind of thing.
 you know? sort of a popeye doyle chase through the city!it was just a couple of blocks.
oh no, no, come on.
 don't be so modest!hey.
oh, did you check you machine?no, why, what's happening?michael called me today, and he asked me where robin was.
yeah, okay.
and i said i hadn't seen her.
what?!no, no george! you don't understand! she didn't tell me she was using me as an excuse! okay?! but then i realized what was going on, and i said that she left a note.
 um, but he didn't really buy that.
 and then, and then he did mention your name.
he mentioned my name?! what did he say?!he said he was going to sew your ass to your face.
what? why couldn't you think of something?!well i don't know, he caught me off guard!you lie! how hard is it to lie?!it's not that hard.
well who told you to sleep with her george?!it's not my fault! i wasn't going to do anything until you got her all juiced up with your story about having the affair with the matador!oh gosh! none of this would never have happened if you wouldn't have said god bless you'!oh don't-hold it! hold it! hold it people! matador? what matador?she told this couple she had an affair with a matador.
a matador! well, well, well.
 uno momento por favor.
 pray tell, what was the young man's name?uh, eduardo, uh, carochio.
eduardo, carochio! that's good.
 that's very good.
 kind of just rolls of the tongue.
 i wonder where on the upper west side a single girl might meet a matador? perhaps zabars? or les pizza!anyway, this person told me to tell you to get an estimate on the damage.
well, i already got an estimate.
 it's $ .
$ ?that's right.
uh, well, i'll tell you what.
 um, i'll give you a check, and then this person can pay me back.
um, who do i make it out to?becky gelke.
 g-e-l-k-e.
so, what are you doing this weekend?you have got some nerve! you smash up my car, you don't admit it, and now you want to ask me out on a date?i didn't do it!yeah righ-you are soo good lookin'.
thank you.
jerry, let's go! you ready?you sure you want to do this? i'm going to be on the road for three weeks!excuse me, i've got a maniac stalking me, i'm not staying in the city.
alright!come on let's get out of here.
how could you?what?!man! i never thought you were capable of this!what did i do?i just talked to becky gelke outside, she told me how you hit and ran.
i-i don't even want to look at you anymore! all these years of friendship and you're nothing but a felon.
 you're an embarrassment to the building.
i didn't do it! i just had to pay her to cover for somebody else!now you're not going to lie to me, are you?no, never.
alright.
 well.
 glad we got that straightened out because i've got a date with her.
you got a date with becky gelke?!yeah, going out with her saturday night.
jerry, can we get out of here?!as a matter of fact, if it wasn't for you, i wouldn't have even had an excuse to talk to her.
well i'm happy to help, in any way that i can.
 t do this if you keep moving.
you sure you don't want me to take my clothes off? ll do it!no, that's the last thing in the world i want you to do.
well, why don't you take your clothes off?i don't know i don't think jerry would like that.
 d be our little secret.
jerry's apartment] button fly! why do they put buttons on a fly? it takes ten minutes to get these things open!i like the button fly.
 what?that is one place on my wardrobe i do not need sharp interlocking metal teeth.
 it's like a mink trap down there.
 what are you doing today?nothing.
i have to go meet nina.
 want to come up to her lot, check out her paintings?i don't get art.
there's nothing to get.
well, it always has to be explained to me, and then i have to have someone explain the explanation.
she does a lot of abstract stuff.
 in fact she's painting kramer right now.
what for?she sees something in him.
so do i, but i wouldn't hang it on a wall.
nina's studio again--same scene]are you getting the eyes? cause they're brown.
 re dark brown, like rich, columbian coffee.
tell me about elaine.
she and jerry were a big thing, like abe lincoln and mary todd.
but, they're still friends.
oh yeah, they're like this .
don't you think that's strange?why, what's the difference?well, are you still friends with any of your ex-girlfriends?well, you know i, uh have many relationships.
the door outside nina's studio]you know, i'm a little nervous.
why?well, you know the friend meeting the new woman.
 i feel like i'm getting fixed up for a friendship.
i don't know how long this is gonna last.
really? i thought you liked her.
i do she's got like a jealousy thing.
 she doesn't like me having fun with anyone but her.
 you know, it's a miracle you're not married.
 m not obligated to buy anything, am i?hi, nina.
 this is my friend george.
how nice to meet you, i've heard a lot about you.
  hey, look at this guy!yeah! i brought george up to see some of your paintings.
oh, are you interested? m interested.
george, you gonna buy a painting? yeah, sure.
are you an art-lover?i am an art-adorer! i adore art.
great! well, take a look around.
 pick out something you like.
 may i?  what's this?my father gave me four tickets to the yankee game for saturday afternoon.
 owner's box, first row behind the dugout.
 m going out of town.
oh, well.
 i'm not gonna go without you.
 do you guys want em? yeah.
they're right behind the dugout, george, first row!behind the dugout, are you kidding? how did you get them?oh, my father's the yankees accountant it's the owner's box.
all my life i've dreamed of sitting front row, behind the dugout! you like that one?saturday, the game.
 george, kramer, and elaine are being lead to their seats]look at where we are! re not in the first row?no, no, these are your seats.
she said first row! right behind the dugout!well, it's the second row.
 it's just as good.
i was all primed for the first row; i was gonna put my feet up on the dugout!would you shut up? these are great! you can't get any better than this.
oh, there's better, s better.
right.
 what a great day!i could've been at my boss son's bris right now.
 re supposed to do that? what makes you think anyone would want to go to a circumcision?i'd rather go to a hanging.
anyway, i called him back i told him i had to go visit my father in the hospital in maryland.
  you better catch it,george?yeah?hi.
 i'm leonard west, nina's father.
hi! mr.
 west, this is my friend elaine--hi! t gonna cut it in this town, babe!--and this is kramer.
oh, hey.
so how are the seats?okay.
great, great.
yeah.
george, i heard you bought one of nina's paintings.
yeah, it's being framed right now.
 i don't even know what it costs.
 not, uh, too expensive, is it?well, if you have a lot of money.
 i think you better take off that orioles cap.
 yeah.
 i better!no, no, no.
 seriously.
 you're in the owner's box, and i don't think it's a good idea.
you're not serious.
yes, yes, yes, i am!well, did he say that?no, no, but he gave me the seats.
 i don't think he'd like it if you wore an orioles cap.
well maybe you should ask him!i don't have to ask him! now are you gonna take the hat off or not?no! i don't have to take it off, why should i take it off? this is ridiculous!!just take the cap off.
george, we are at a baseball game! this is america!look.
 either you take the cap off, or you'll have to leave.
well, i don't care, i'm not taking it off.
just take the cap off!no!hey! just wait a minute.
 we just got here! do you want us to go with you? ll go get your hat, george.
 stay!okay, we'll go! and then the ball hits him in the head and he falls right over the railing!is he okay?well, yeah, he's fine! we took him to the emergency room, and you know, the x-rays were all negative.
 it was quite a day!this is the most amazing story i've ever heard--why did he want you to take off the baseball cap? that is so insane!i know! can you imagine that?how you feeling?oh, yeah, yeah, i'm fine, i'm fine.
 re all in the picture.
wha- a picture?a picture.
our picture's in there??uh-huh.
 i cannot believe this! s george!yup, yup!ohmygod! lippman could see this! he thinks i was visiting my father! oh my g-i make up one little white lie and they put my picture in the paper!lippman's office.
 lippman is at his desk, elaine enters.
]hi, mr.
 lippman.
my, my father?yeah.
i went to visit him.
well, you name it, uh, neuritis, uh, neuralgia um, yup.
 yes, yes, it just such a miracle, um.
 my visit must have buoyed his spirits.
what--what did i say?i did?oh! where are you going?ah.
 yeah.
there's nothing to read, it's just yesterday's news.
 you know, the yankees won, the mets lost, ricky henderson's unhappy wha-- oh! okay! well, you know, have a nice trip, and uh alrighty! ll just hold down the, uh, fort!nina's studio.
 mr.
 and mrs.
 armstrong are admiring nina's kramer.
']another part of the studio where jerry and nina are arguing.
]she was a guest of my father's.
 she should've taken the cap off.
it's preposterous! they ask someone to take off a baseball cap at a baseball game.
 how can you defend that?armstrongs admiring painting again.
]jerry and nina again.
]look, i'm really getting tired off all the fighting.
 maybe we should just end this before we really start hating each other.
oh, well, you wouldn't want that because you always have to remain friends!well, i like to remain friends with people i was friends with!hey -- why don't you just go then! and -- oh, give this to george.
 tell him he owes me $ !armstrongs]jerry's apartment.
]five-hundred dollars?! what?that's what she told me!i'm not paying $ for this! it's a piece of junk!that's what it costs!why did you even take it? you broke up with her!i wasn't thinking! i don't know.
you weren't thinking.
well, she framed it and everything.
well, i'm not buying it.
 no way.
 forget it.
 no way i'm buying this! t paint this?do you want me to paint you something? i'd love to paint you some- thing!i'm not paying for this.
 if you were going out with her, it'd be a different story.
 this was in front of your door.
hey, kramer.
hi, mike.
 wow, a letter from nina! ve ever seen! oh my god!what?this is amazing, you can't believe this!what's it say?listen to this: i don't know what you expect to find out there, jerry, you know what you want better than me.
 but there's one thing i do know.
 i know i can stand here watching you destroy everything i've ever wanted in my life, wanting to smash your face with my fists, because you won't make even the slightest effort to offer happiness and still know that i love you.
 you mean so much to me that i'm will-ing to take all your abuse and insults and insensitivity.
'wow! s deep.
 you know jerry, she sounds like a poet!no one's ever written me a letter like this.
 maybe i was wrong about her! yeah! get in there and give her a call.
 pick up the phone and call her!should i? s sure as hell fighting for you!all right, all right! i'll call her.
jerry's apartment, another day.
 jerry is helping nina put on her coat.
 the tv is on a horse race.
]shot! yeah? s george.
come on up.
 well, now we gotta get a posse together.
 i love a good posse.
what's the appeal of the posse?the appeal of the posse? the posse has tremendous appeal.
 get away from the job, camp out, you're with your friends come on, it's a week-long game of hide-and-seek on horseback.
hello, george.
hey, nina! t i?well, i really love that piece.
oh, yeah, me too, me too.
 boy oh boy oh boy ! you know, in fact, i've been thinking about it, and i feel like i'm stealing from you! five-hundred dollars! it's gonna be worth thousands soon! you know what? on second thought, i can't even accept it.
no, no no no, george! a deal's a deal.
 i want you to have it!this could be in a museum some day! it's not safe with me! it should really be in a doormanned building.
honestly, george, the money's not important.
who said anything about money? yeah? s elaine.
come on up.
elaine? yeah.
 this person does not believe in telephones, does she?she likes the pop-in.
 i've told her how i hate the pop-in.
 he likes the pop-in, too.
i just popped in now.
 i'm a big pop-in guy.
yeah.
how bout kramer.
huge pop-in guy!well, i was leaving anyway, so, uh, we're on for tomorrow?yeah.
okay.
okay!bye.
  hello! ll be fired!if he noticed, he would have called you from houston!no, he wants to torture me.
later on that night.
 george, elaine, and jerry are watching tv.
jerry, with the remote, is furiously flipping through channels.
]  great instincts.
 how dare you impune my clicking.
you're all over the dial! you don't know what you want! i've never seen you stay on anything for more than seconds.
 gimme that.
let go!no, come on! i want it, jerry!let go, elaine!well at least let george do it!oh, george can't click!  pinheads.
wait, wait a second! go back, go back to that.
 it's chapter , it's neil simon.
 s the letter!what letter?this is the letter she wrote to me, she stole it right from the movie!' 'cause you don't even make the slightest effort to offer happiness still know that i love you!!'this is incredible!i always thought there was something funny about this letter! she copied it right out of chapter ! she a thief, a bunko-artist!maybe i won't send her that check.
you know, it's not really that terrible.
what are you talking about? she completely misrepresented herself! t offer happiness!lippman's office.
 lippman is on the phone when elaine walks in and places something on his desk.
 after she does, she tries to leave but lippman, still on the phone, motions for her to stay in the room]um, oh, it's townscend, which is near baltimore.
well, uh, fan.
 my father--really?so impudent.
 ve got plans, though, mr.
 li-- okay.
that will be fun.
nina's studio.
 nina is working on a painting.
 jerry is watching her, sitting on the sofa.
]how's it coming?good, good.
seen any good movies lately?no not really.
 you?no.
 i like a good comedy.
 you know, like a neil simon? you like neil simon?neil simon? uh, some of his stuff.
i've seen most of it.
 i guess my favorite would have to be, uh chapter .
 have you ever seen that?i don't know maybe.
i have.
 funny, funny.
 in fact it was on tv just the other night.
 happened to catch it.
 jerry's apartment, night.
 jerry and george are watching a baseball game and talking.
]five-thousand? why would anybody buy kramer for $ ? boy, the yankees cannot buy a hit tonight!so is it all over between you and marsha mason?yeah.
 and by the way, can you get this thing outta my house?tell you what, i'll make a deal with you.
 i'll sell it to you right now for ten bucks.
uh, there's seems to be a lot of trouble in the area just behind the yankee dugout.
behind the dugout, that's where we were sitting the other day.
well, we're not going to show it, we don't want to encourage that kind of behavior.
 say, it's a young lady, and boy she's really going at it with the security guard.
 she's a fiesty one.
 and now they're getting the other security guard to come down.
 how do you like that seegers? boy, she's someting.
 the armstrong's dining room.
 mr.
 and mrs.
 armstrong are having kramer over for dinner.
] then, when i was seventeen, i ran away from home and hopped a steamship to sweden.
 this steak is excellent, by the way.
more potatoes?yeah, sure.
 please.
yeah.
 and, it was a big one.
hey.
 i got some bad news for you, buddy.
 i think your car got stolen again.
what are you talking about?well you parked it on eighty-fourth and columbus, right?yeah.
yep, well i just walked by there and that car is gone.
oh yeah, i know.
well, where is it?what's the difference?well, there's no difference, you know, i'm just curious.
you always have to know everything that's going on, don't you?what happened to the car?if i don't tell you it will kill you, won't it?yeah, yeah, it'll kill me.
you have to know, you must know.
i must know.
well, i'm not telling you.
oh, come on.
nope.
 i don't think so.
well, please?not today, pal.
okay, i beg you.
now see? just saying beg doesn't make it a real beg.
 you gotta put some beg into it.
okay, please! please tell me!alright, i'll tell you, but your begging needs a lot of work.
okay, okay, what is it? come on.
i loaned the car to george.
ah, george, alright.
 well, what for?george and elaine went to a flea market in westchester, okay?!alright.
huh?huh.
 i mean, what do they want to go there for?will you stop it already?!you know, why didn't they ask me to go?i don't know! how am i supposed to know?!what, they don't like me? don't like you!if they like me, why don't they ask me to go? oh yeah.
i really think it looks good.
ten bucks, how can you go wrong?all bald people look good in hats.
you should have lived in the twenties and thirties, you know men wore hats all the time then.
what a bald paradise that must have been.
 nobody knew.
well, you can wear a hat all the time now.
 who's stopping you?no, i can't.
 what if i meet a woman? i'd always be worried about that first moment where i'd take it off and see that look of disappointment on her face.
are you sure you like these sunglasses?well i'm very disappointed in george and elaine.
 and you know i'm somebody you don't want to have on your bad side.
why not?because i'm like ice, buddy.
 when i don't like you, you've got problems.
 oh, is this for the fight?yep.
 starts in thirty-five minutes.
oh hey, you know i invited mike moffit.
 you don't mind, do you?no, i like mike.
yeah, i just got off the phone with him, you know we had a great conversation.
oh yeah? what did you talk about?well actually we talked about you.
 yeah.
 he had some pretty interesting things to say.
oh yeah? what did he say?you have to know everything, don't you?no, come on, kramer.
 what did he say?why is that? why do you have to know everything?kramer, just tell me what the guy said.
beg me.
please, don't make me beg.
no no no, i want you to beg me.
 and i don't want you to say it, i just want you to put some beg into it.
 go on.
kramer, please tell me what the guy said.
no no no, that's no good.
 no, i really don't think that's a beg.
 no, it's close, but uh kramer!look, i can't say anything.
 you know, the guy told me the stuff in confidence, i'd be betraying a friend.
well you can't just mention it and then not tell me.
alright.
 i'll tell you but you can't say anything to him.
i'm not saying anything, i'm putting it in the vault, i'm locking the vault, it's a vault!he thinks you're a phony.
he what?i told you, he thinks you're a phony.
a phony? he called me a phony?a big phone.
 a big one.
why did you tell me that if i can't say anything?!you begged me.
do you hear that?of course i hear that.
you had to move the mirror?i wanted to check out my sunglasses.
i went to look in the mirror, it wasn't there.
 you threw off my equilibrium.
oh yeah, blame it on me because you can't drive, george.
i can't drive?yeah.
nobody drives like me.
 nobody.
 i'm doing things in this car, you have no idea they're going on.
 wanna see me make a right turn from the left lane? watch this.
no, i really don't.
and i can make a left turn from the right lane too.
i'm sure you could.
what are we gonna tell jerry about the car?i don't know.
alright, start looking for spaces.
oh, you're never gonna find a space on jerry's block, just put it in a garage.
look, i have my system.
 first i look for the dream spot right in front of the door, then i slowly expand out in concentric circles.
oh come on, george, please put it in a garage.
 i don't want to spend an hour looking for a space.
i can't park in a garage.
why?i don't know, i just can't.
 nobody in my family can pay for parking, it's a sickness.
 my father never paid for parking; my mother, my brother, nobody.
 we can't do it.
i'll pay for it.
you don't understand.
 a garage.
 i can't even pull in there.
 it's like going to a prostitute.
 why should i pay, when if i apply myself, maybe i could get it for free? m looking for spaces.
 s a space right there! s building.
 huh? dreams can come true, what did i tell you?you didn't even have to take it out to dinner.
alright, now you're gonna see some parallel parking.
 s the key.
will you just park it already?there's nothing i can even impart to you, that's the sad thing.
 it's so inborn, i can't pass it on.
 re stealing my space!george, wait, you don't know who this guy is, people kill for a parking space in this city.
no no no, he's not getting away with this.
george?hey, what are you doing?i think i'm parking my car.
you can't do that, you can't just sneak in from the back like that.
i'm not sneaking.
 i didn't even know you were parking, you were just sitting there three spaces up.
well if you didn't think i was parking, why did you put it in head first?well that's the way i park.
 anyway, you didn't start backing in until i pulled in.
i was in the middle of a conversation.
hey, buddy, what can i tell you?the point is i was here first.
i was closer to this space than you were.
but i'm backing in! you can't put it in head first!i can if i have room!are you gonna move the car?no, i'm not gonna move the car.
jerk!oh, you're not?do you believe this guy?come on, we'll put it in a garage.
i am not putting it in a garage, it's my space.
what are you gonna do, you just gonna leave it here like this? uh.
 i'm going upstairs.
are you coming back down?yeah, i gotta tell jerry we're here.
 i gotta go to the bathroom.
alright, just make sure he reserves the good chair for me.
 wait, what are you gonna tell him about the clanking noise in the car?me? no no no, you.
 you're gonna tell him.
 i'm not gonna tell- noo.
oh, come on, you're good at this.
what am i gonna say?i don't know, i don't know, you'll think of something.
oh god, i need a drink, do you got any hennigan's here?yeah, under the counter.
 what happened?oh god.
 oh, jerry it was so terrible what we just went through on the way home.
  tell me what happened.
 t know, they just started to taunt us! and so then we payed the toll, and then we went through, and then they started to follow us, alright?! so george tries to lose them, and, and, but they were in this really like a souped up car, you know?! and so he turned off the road really suddenly and the car was on two wheels and i was just screaming! and then, george is such a great driver.
he is?oh, he is fantastic! and then they fired a gun right up in the air.
a gun?!i think it was a gun.
 and then they followed us all the way into the city, and then they just stopped and they turned around and they went home.
my god, are you okay?yeah, yeah, i'm alright.
 oh, by the way, the car hit a pothole and now it's making a clanking noise.
well, i mean, as long as you're okay, that, that's the important thing.
exactly.
where's george now?oh, he's out in front of the building.
 he's arguing with some guy about a parking space.
what are you talking about?look out the window, you'll see.
 hey georgie!hey!are you okay?yeah, i'm fine.
crazy kids, huh?what? s my cuticle.
is that jerry? jerry?!oh, hey mike.
what, you know jerry?yeah, i know jerry.
how do you know him?what's the difference?because i know him too, and probably a lot better than you.
well, bully for you.
 hey, jerry! you know your friend here's a real piece of work!i'm coming down.
hey, will you tell kramer i'm outside?what, you know kramer?!hi.
 hello.
hey, your friend mike's outside, he wants to talk to you.
 s almost starting!and you're watching the fight at jerry's?yeah.
oh great.
you know that guy downstairs?yeah, he's a real phony.
what's going on?!hey, will you come on down? this guy's in my space!it's my space!i'll be down in a minute.
are you going down?yeah.
is anything wrong? why should anything be wrong? be down in a minute.
hey pal, you're not getting that space.
 i mean, i'll sleep in my car if i have to.
i'll die out here.
hey! jerry! long time no see!hi mike.
 indiana.
hey krame! you know this guy?yeah, yeah, i know him.
 re looking tremendous.
 what are you on some kind of regimen?yeah, twenty-five percent bran flakes.
 the forty percent was too much so i found a store to mix it up special for me, they take it down another fifteen percent.
 s a definite!! ha ha ha!!!oh, come on.
hey! your friend here has some real problems.
me? you see what he did here, you see how he tried to sneak into my space?hey, just cause i went in front first doesn't mean i'm sneaking in.
you only went in front first cause you saw me backing up and you didn't have room to parallel park!i only went in front first cause i could make it in front first and if you pull out i'll show you!you've got a prayer.
i go in front first all the time.
front first, that's how you park when you're pulling a bank job.
did you talk to him?yeah, it's all taken care of.
you told him? what did you tell him?i did a number on him, it was a thing of beauty, you really had to have been there to appreciate it.
i don't believe it, what did you say?i told him a pack of teenagers in a convertible were terrorizing us and they followed us into the city.
a pack of teenagers?yeah, by the time i got to the end of the story, he was to relieved that we were alive he couldn't care less about the car.
you are a genius, it's as simple as that.
what can i say, you know? it's a gift.
 i only wish i could teach it but, you know it's inborn.
by the way, thanks a lot for inviting me to the flea market.
what?yeah, jerry, he told me all about it.
oh great.
i didn't know.
oh, so that's why you were acting so funny.
well i didn't know you wanted to go to the flea market.
a flea market? you went to a flea market??hey, who's talking to you?we just didn't think of you.
you said it, sister.
what? every time i leave my house now i have to call everybody i know and ask them if they want to do what i'm doing?great move, telling him, by the way, real smart move.
i didn't know i wasn't supposed to say anything!judgement, jerry, judgement! you exercised no judgement.
you're right.
 my fault.
kramer? i'm so sorry, really.
yeah, i'm sorry.
i'm sorry, i don't care for that sorry.
what was wrong with that sorry? it was a good sorry.
 jerry, was that a good sorry?it was a so-so sorry.
hey! move this car, i gotta get through!you heard the man.
 i guess you gotta be moving your car.
and like you're not gonna just back it in if i do that?well somebody better move something soon! i got a truck full of ice cream here!you see, they had to move the cars so the truck could get through, right? but these guys don't trust each other so they got these two nonpartisan drivers to move them.
wild pack of teenagers, huh?yeah.
amazing how they picked you, out of everyone, to terrorize.
yeah.
 i know, i said to myself, why us? you remember?uh huh.
sounds like you did some pretty nifty maneuvering,well, you know, it's interesting, you know, under that pressure, what you're capable of.
right.
i learned a lot about myself.
what did you do to my car?!i couldn't help it! elaine moved the mirror, i got discombobulated.
oh, like you've ever been bobulated.
i thought you said you were a good driver!no no, i never said i was a good driver, i said i was a good parker.
i think you said driver.
parker, i never said driver, i said parker, a great parker.
will you move it up a little bit?no no no, that's in the right position.
no no, i was further in.
no you weren't.
 stop there, that's fine.
do you mind?do you?hey, somebody better move these cars, you're making a commotion.
hey sid.
who are you?never mind who i am.
 i know who i am.
 do you know who you are? why is it every time you park a car in this block, everything gets disrupted and disjointed?sid, it's completely his fault.
oh, right.
why don't you start taking the bus?okay, george.
 come on, let's go.
 i'm putting it in a garage.
 the fight's starting in two minutes.
don't do it!what are we gonna do, stay out here all night?yes! i'm not giving him the satisfaction, it's my space.
why don't you just flip a coin already?no no, this is a matter of principle.
 that would just be saying that anybody could just pull into any parking space any way they want.
 well i'm making a stand here.
 i'm saying to head first parking.
 i'm not putting up with that.
 we put up with too much crap in this city, we're not putting up with head first parking.
you know, maybe if you hadn't been sitting there pontificating about what a great parker you were, you might have got the space.
so you're against me now?he could have pulled up to the car and backed in, but he chose to go in head first.
no he couldn't, because the other car was already backing in.
no he wasn't.
all that matters is who was there first.
ahh, you're not even old enough to drive, you little puke.
you just spit on me!don't you raise your voice to me!you're not my father.
hey matthew.
hi jerry.
 this guy's really a jerk.
how ya doing?okay.
hey, how's your father? i hear he's closing his store.
what?!oh no, nothing.
what's happened to daddy? he's going out of business?no, no, no, no.
we're not going to have any money? we're out of money?no, of course not, of course not!mommy!? jerry says daddy's closing the store.
 he's going out of business.
 we don't have any money?jerry?! what's the matter with you?i didn't-- t know about your friend, jerry.
 he says some pretty stupid things sometimes.
oh, congratulations.
what for?well, you're pregnant.
what?you're not pregnant?no, i'm not pregnant.
are you sure you're not pregnant?yes, i'm sure!that's weird.
come on, matthew.
no.
come on, matthew!i thought she was pregnant.
 m phony?what?mike thinks i'm a phony.
he thinks you're a phony?yeah, but i can't say anything because kramer wasn't supposed to tell me.
oh, you have to say something.
i can't, i told kramer i was vaulting it.
you gotta open the vault.
open my vault?open your vault.
once i open the vault, it ceases to be a vault.
you have no choice.
oy ga-vault.
when can you park head first?never.
what are you asking this guy for?who's talking to you?he's right.
 never.
oh yeah? what if you got ten car lengths? you have to pull all the way up to the front car?well, i suppose if you got ten car lengths.
when do you ever have ten car lengths?what about sundays and holidays?oh please.
what's going on here?oh, this guy tried to sneak into my space.
i really hate people who do that.
 i hope you don't let him get away with it.
well, thank you for your support.
hey, that's a great hat.
really? you like it? i got it at a flea market today.
hey george, nice hat.
yeah, thanks.
can i try it on?no! it, uh, it wouldn't fit you.
well sure it would.
no! get out of here, newman.
come on, let me try it on.
no, newman, stop it.
let him try it on.
i don't want him to!what is wrong with you?you wanna see?! alright, here! you wanna try on the hat?! here! try on the hat!stop it, george, stop it.
 i was defending your parking.
alright, just keep the hat!alright, that's it.
 the fight's already started.
 i'm going upstairs, who's coming? elaine?it depends on who's going.
 are you going?i'm not going if he's going.
me either.
i'm not going if he's going.
well i'm going.
well if he's going then i'm not going.
but it's your house.
i still don't have to go.
well i don't want to go if jerry's not going.
why won't you go if i go?why? i'll tell you why.
no.
 don't, jerry.
like you didn't call me a phony?what? s good, sort of thing? you know, slang.
use it in a sentence.
man, that michael jordan is so phony.
 d you tell him?!?he begged me.
he begged you?!alright, come on.
 who wants to watch the fight?officer, could i just explain something to you?officer, he can't pull in head first.
officer, he backed up from down the street.
 he was double-parked, he waswell, you're gonna have to go to the bathroom!well, you're gonna have to go to work!i don't have a job!neither do i!seven eight nine ten.
 kramer, what are you doing here!?jerry, now calm down, it's okay.
 i'm sorry.
 i didn't want to wake you up! y'know, i was watching thirty seconds over tokyo, and i - y'know, i wanted to get some popcorn, and i, uh i used the spare keys that you gave me to come into your apartment to get your popper.
you scared me!it's just me.
that's enough!forgot the popper c'mon c'mon kramer! what are you doing?!what does it look like i'm doing? what?get out! get out of the bathroom, i gotta go!alright, alright c'mon!sorry.
move it! move it! get going!my drain's all clogged up! is that my towel?i'm really happy the movie was sold out.
hey, did you ever pretend there's like, murderers chasing you, and you try and see how fast you can get your keys out and get into your apartment?i'm from witchita, so oh.
 i see.
 there he is! hurry, jerry! he's coming! hurry!the murderers! that was close!did you see the look on that guy's face?you were so fast with those keys.
 kramer! what the hell are you doing here?!hey, jerry! how are ya? i thought you were going to the movies.
all right, that's it.
 hand em over.
what?what, you know what, the keys.
 i want the keys.
 you've lost your key privileges.
oh, come on!no, come on!what, what, i thought you went to the movies!it was sold out!now how was i supposed to know it was going to be sold out?that's the point.
what point?just, look, just give the keys.
just give me another chance!don't ask me!i'm asking you!i'm telling you.
you're joking.
i'm serious!it's not going to happen again!yes it will, now give me those keys!o.
k.
, fine, go ahead, you take the keys! but you're going to regret this.
 so put em in a safe place.
i will.
where?i don't know.
 i'll hide em.
 so, is kramer upset?i think so.
 i mean, he's acting really weird lately he's different.
well, maybe you should just give him the keys back.
i can't.
is that kramer? who's there?uh, kramer.
 oh, hi uh you got the oh, i'm not, uh no, no, no, it's o.
k.
 i don't care about the keys.
 it's my fault.
 i gave the keys away with my stupidity.
 i broke the covenant of the keys.
'jerry, give him the keys back.
elaine i don't want the keys back! no, i'm glad the way things turned out.
 i was clingin to those keys, man! like a branch on the banks of a raging river.
 and now i have let go.
 and i'm free to go with the current.
 to float.
 and i thank you.
take the keys.
i don't want the keys! o.
k.
!now, one more thing - i would like my keys back.
your spare set?that's right.
you want em back?yeah.
 yeah, i think it would be for the best.
gee, kramer, i uh i don't know what to say.
say yes! yes, george.
 yes!should i give you my keys, is that the transaction, trading keys ? because elaine has my keys.
well, you can get em back.
i suppose i could.
because you see, george, having the keys to jerry's apartment? that kept me in a fantasy world.
 every time i went over to his house, it was like i was on vacation.
 better food, better view, better tv.
 and cleaner? oh - much cleaner.
 that became my reality.
 i ignored the squalor in my own life because i'm looking at life, you see, through jerry's eyes.
 i was living in twilight, george.
 living in the shadows.
 living in the darkness like you.
me?oh, yeah.
 i can barely see you, george.
alright, stop it kramer, you're freakin me out.
 hi, are you ready to order? do you ever yearn?yearn? do i yearn?i yearn.
you yearn.
oh, yes.
 yes, i yearn.
 often, i i sit and yearn.
 have you yearned?well, not recently.
 i craved.
 i crave all the time, constant craving but i haven't yearned.
look at you.
aw, kramer, don't start you're wasting your life.
i am not! what you call wasting, i call living! i'm living my life!o.
k.
, like what? no, tell me! do you have a job?no.
you got money?no.
do you have a woman?no.
do you have any prospects?no.
you got anything on the horizon?uh no.
do you have any action at all?no.
do you have any conceivable reason for even getting up in the morning?i like to get the daily news!george, it's time for us to grow up - and be men.
 not little boys.
why?i'm goin to california.
 you know, i got the bug.
yeah, i think i got a touch of something, too.
no, the acting bug.
 ever since i was in that woody allen movie.
'these pretzels are making me thirsty'? that was one line! you got fired!i know, i know, but man! i never felt so alive! now, are you coming with me?uh, no, i'm not.
alright, suit yourself.
 but let's keep this between us - we're key brothers now.
 you're not really gonna go to california, are you?up here, i'm already gone.
 anyway, so he gave me his spare keys, now he wants to have my keys, so i need mine back from you.
just cause you have his keys? why does he need yours?i don't know.
 he said he wants to be my key brother.
'that's ridiculous.
that's kramer.
i'll give you back your spare keys - but now i want mine back.
what for?'cause.
 i'll give em to jerry.
jerry? why?'cause he gave me his.
so what?so, if he has my keys, i should have his.
well, i don't see why if you have his, he should have yours.
i just said the same thing to you.
what?what?alright, listen, i'll give you your spare keys, but i don't have them with me.
 can i please have mine to give to back to kramer?yeah, o.
k.
 i'll go get em.
 i gotta get some new friends.
did you bring the keys?yes, but i still don't feel right about letting you into kramer's apartment without his permission.
this could be an emergency!you never should have taken away his keys!i tried to give em back, he wouldn't take em.
 how'd the mets do?they lost.
kramer?hello, boys.
hello, newman.
you lookin for someone?don't play coy with me, newman, i'm not in the mood!coy? i'm not being coy.
is he being coy?yeah, coy.
you're being coy.
 now where's kramer, newman?who?listen, tiny.
 i wanna know where kramer is and wanna know now!alright, go ahead and hit me, seinfeld.
 i got witnesses.
turn around, george.
sure.
 george?now, you better tell me where kramer is, or are we gonna have to do this the hard way? help! help!where's kramer?help! what's going on?they're gonna beat me up!no we're not.
we're trying to find out what happened to kramer.
you wanna know what happened to kramer? i'll tell you what happened to kramer.
 he was ticked off.
 about the keys.
 yeah, that's right - about the keys.
 thought he got a bad rap.
bad rap?yeah.
 from you.
me?you heard me.
 so he packed it up and split for the coast.
 la-la land.
 l.
a.
l.
a.
?i never should have taken his keys away.
 but he drove me to it! i had no choice! he wouldn't take em back.
 elaine, you saw it, remember? i said, take the keys back.
 he wouldn't do anything.
 you saw it, didn't you see it?yeah, yeah, i saw it.
 s complete bullshit.
huh?what ?no, what'd you say?nothing.
 i didn't say anything.
oh, you didn't see it.
yeah, i saw it.
 i saw it! i did, i saw it.
 yep.
i heard you say something, there.
i didn't say anything.
i'm calling kramer's mother.
 t know what you said.
 but it was something.
 i heard something.
 hello? hello, mrs.
 kramer? mrs.
 kramer? could you turn the music down? could you turn the music down!ask her about kramer.
she's drunk out of her mind.
elaine? are you there? it's me, i'm locked out of my apartment, i need my spare keys.
 where are you? i'm at the coffee shop.
hey! you ever been in an accident?about five years ago.
 i was going down this very road.
 same time of day, going about the same speed i'm going now there was a rock in the road.
 couldn't have been more than a pebble.
 never really saw it! lost control of the bike, went flyin about a hundred feet - came down right on my head.
 cracked it wide open! blood and stuff was just splattered all over the road, there i broke every bone in my face.
 hey, you know, when they found me, my eyes were hanging out of their sockets? yeah, they pronounced me dead at the scene.
 i was in a coma for well, they told me about a year said i'd be a vegetable for life.
 yeah, but i showed em.
 ever since then i always wear a helmet! georgie boy! way to come through with the keys! sit down, i'm buying you dinner.
look, i gotta tell ya i been thinkin about it, i just don't feel right about letting you into elaine's apartment.
don't feel right? what are you talking about?well, you know, i shouldn't have let you into kramer's, now you want to go into elaine's she entrusted me with her spare keys, how can i just let you in?what is the big deal?just because you have someone's spare keys, it doesn't entitle you to break into their apartment.
 that's the reason you took away kramer's keys.
first of all, you're not even supposed to have elaine's keys.
 you're supposed to give em back to her, so she can give em back to me, because she has mine.
 so technically, those are my keys.
yes, well, if you had never taken your keys back from kramer, he never would have taken his back from you and given em to me, in which case i wouldn't have had to take mine back from her.
well, i want those keys.
 nope, no can do.
george, give them to me, i want these keys.
 t want to get physical!do you wanna fight?do you wanna fight?i'll fight ya! not the face! not the face! and then, the evil ogre took back the magical keys from the handsome young prince.
yes! and then the handsome young prince was cast out into the cruel, cruel world.
oh, he's cold.
yeah, yeah that'd be funny.
 hey, you can drop me here!well, you know, i gotta be goin now.
what do you think, junior? you think these hands have been soakin in ivory liquid? don't you see? you're just avoiding the middle man.
 you were gonna give her her spare keys, so she was gonna give em to me.
 so, all that's happening is that instead of giving them to her, you're giving them to me.
 it's just unfortunate that when she gave you yours, you didn't give her hers.
 cause then she would have given em to me, because she has mine.
 so then i would have never had to ask you for hers, so that i could get mine.
you're right, how did i miss that? s a crock of shit.
what's that?nothing.
i heard something.
didn't say anything.
 so, how long you been drivin this thing?goin on four years.
well, nothin's sexier than a woman behind the wheel of a semi.
nothin'? re quite the sweet-talker.
you know, i always wanted to drive the big rigs.
 i used to watch those commercials during the reruns of gomer pyle.
you want to give it a try?really?do you know how to double-clutch?yeah.
well, come on! they were in here, i saw her put em in here!well, this is great.
well, what do they look like?they look like keys, george.
 they look exactly like keys.
 well, they're obviously not here.
well, they've gotta be here somewhere.
jerry, unless i pull down on this statuette and a hidden wall opens up, we have checked every square inch of this apartment!what is this? murphy brown'?what?by elaine benes?what?elaine's writing a murphy brown'?lemme see this.
 wait a second! gimme half!all right, here!why didn't she tell us?elaine is writing a sitcom ! you weasels!what? what?how dare you!we hardly read anything!it was funny!who gave you permission to come into my house and just go through all my things? you thought it was funny?well from what i saw well, it's just a first draft!i was locked out of my apartment, i'm just trying to get my keys.
why did you let him in?! he forced me to!i did not!yes you did!you! get out! get out! get out!elaine, wait! i need my spare keys!here! here's your damn keys, you keep em! i don't want em anymore!good!and i want my keys back from you!what, you don't want me to hold your keys?no, you can't be trusted!alright, alright, fine.
 and i don't want you to hold mine!good! i won't!good! don't! are these my keys?these aren't my keys!whose are these?i don't know!i just thought i could write it.
is that something you want to do?i don't know.
 those writers make a lot of money.
elaine, let me tell you something about show business.
 it's hard work! you don't just write a murphy brown.
 you gotta watch the show, study it, get a sense of the characters, how they relate to each other.
o.
k.
, can i just watch the show? god, what an asshole.
what did you say?i didn't say anything.
i heard something.
 !kramer's on murphy brown'!look, there he is, he's sittin at the desk!hi, i'm murphy brown, you must be my new secretary.
oh, good morning, miss brown.
and you are ?oh, i'm uh, steven snell.
snell.
 well, hello, mr.
 snell.
steven.
steven.
 are you familiar with this computer system?oh - i'm familiar with it.
steven snell? i know people and i have a very good feeling about you.
 kramer was on murphy brown?yeah.
are you sure?yeah.
murphy brown, the tv show.
c'mon, will ya?kramer was on murphy brown? that son of a gun!something, isn't it?with candace bergen!i know!i've always liked her.
 remember her in carnal knowledge'?sure.
did she show her breasts in that?she's not really the naked type.
i can't believe i missed kramer.
 you know he asked me to go with him to california.
he did?yeah, i turned him down.
how come you didn't tell me?he asked me to keep it a secret.
but you can never keep a secret.
i know.
 this was like a record.
 my previous record was when joni hirsch asked me not to tell anybody that we slept together.
 kept a lid on that for about seconds.
well, you've come a long way.
i've matured.
hey listen, the tonight show called me, they want me to come out and do the show on the th and they're giving me two free tickets to la.
 you wanna go?a free ticket?yeah, in fact we could track down kramer.
 i always felt bad about the way he left, you know? that was a mess.
 i never should have taken back those keys.
what about accommodations?all taken care of.
is there a meal allowance? what about seat assignments? could i have the kosher meal? i hear the kosher meal is good.
 and i need clothes.
 gotta get a haircut.
 gonna have to, i have to refill my allergy medication.
 oh, do i need a hat? i need a hat, don't i? could we do the universal tour? they have that backdraft exhibit now, that looks very cool to me so my acting technique, my personal acting technique is working with color, imagining color, then finding the emotional vibrational mood connected to the color.
 see, if you look through my scripts, you'll see that all my lines have a special color, so i don't memorize language, i memorize color.
 this way i can go through red, yellow, green, blue.
 and i have a full palette of emotions.
hey, didn't i tell you to get out of here?uh, did you?c'mon, let's go.
well, i was just--yeah yeah, you were just nothing.
 c'mon, let's go.
alright, we'll talk about this a little later.
 are you an actor?murphy brown.
uh, yeah, uh, candace bergen please.
who's calling please?ah, well, just tell her that it's kramer.
alright i'll uh, i'll call her at home.
 s all yours.
hello kramer.
oh, uh, helena, how are you?i haven't worked since , how do you think i am?well, that's only uh, years.
it was a three stooges short, sappy pappy.
 i played mr.
 sugarman's secretary, remember?yeah, right, right, yeah, yeah, that was a shemp, right?no, a curly.
 the boys played three sailors who find a baby, the baby's been kidnapped and the police think that they did it.
uh huh, right.
but, but of course they didn't do it, the police had made an awful mistake.
right.
moe hits curly with an axe,uh huh.
the stooges catch the kidnappers,right.
but it's too late.
really.
the baby's dead.
really?the boys are sent to death row and are executed.
well i don't remember that part.
i play mr.
 sugarman's secretary.
oh, yeah, yeah, you were, you were very good.
yeah, it was sad for a three stooges, what with the dead baby and the stooges being executed and all.
well, that was an unusual choice for the stooges.
would you like to buy me a fat-free frozen yogurt at the store, kramer?uh, well, uh, you know i can't right now, you know, uh, i got a very big meeting, i got these people interested in my movie treatment.
 so, uh, i guess we'll have to make it another time, alright?well no! no, don't go out there, kramer, they'll hurt you, they'll destroy you.
 you'll never make it in this town, you're too sensitive like me,helena, you're wrong, you know i'm not that sensitive at all.
i was engaged to mickey rooney! he left me at the altar.
 kramer! kramer!what is this?what?we're going on a two day trip, what are you, diana ross?i happen to dress based on mood.
oh.
 but you essentially wear the same thing all the time.
seemingly.
 seemingly.
 but within that basic framework there are many subtle variations, only discernable to an acute observer, that reflect the many moods, the many shades, the many sides of george costanza.
 and what mood is this.
this is morning mist.
look at this guy, he's like a cat burglar.
 he thinks if he goes through real slow the machine won't detect him.
personally i'm a little nervous about going through these things.
 i'm afraid i'm gonna step through into another dimension.
just go.
heh he, i made it.
empty your pockets please.
walk through again please.
are you sure you don't have any metal on you? bracelets? rings? anklets?anklets?a lot of men wear anklets.
really?yeah.
what do you have in your bag, sir?my bag?step over here please.
over here?do you have a knife in the bag?a knife?open the bag, please.
what's this?moisturizer?for your wife?no, i uh i use it.
spread your arms and legs please.
 ladies and gentlemen, i implore you.
have a good trip.
alright, go ahead.
that's it?that's it.
alright.
c'mon jerry, let's go.
 what was that all about?i must have iron rich blood.
here we go, la.
the coast,la-la land.
 i got the window seat, right?who said that?i called it.
oh no.
what do you mean, oh no.
oh ah, yeah, i'm here for the audition.
which audition, the music video, the horror movie, the exercise tape or the infomercial?uh, let's see well.
you scream good.
you too.
so, can i keep this treatment?oh yeah, yeah, i got copies.
'cause i can, uh, show it to my manager.
 he has connections with west german television money.
really.
yeah, they're trying to put together a miniseries for me on eva braun.
 i mean think about it, is that a great idea? we know nothing about eva braun, only that she was hitler's girlfriend.
um-hm.
what was it like having sex with adolf hitler? what do you wear in a bunker? what did her parents think of hitler as a potential son-in-law? i mean it could just go on and on wait wait, hold it, hold it.
 look who's over there.
 don't look, don't look! it's fred savage.
big deal.
he'd be perfect for my movie.
 this is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.
 i gotta go over there, i gotta give him a copy of my treatment.
why are you breathing so hard?well, i'm just a little nervous.
 ok, i gotta relax.
 phew.
 wish me luck, huh?hey.
 oh, did i frighten you? i'm not crazy.
 i mean, i may look weird, but i'm just like you, i'm just a regular guy just trying to make it in this business.
 you know i really like your work, the, uh thank you.
yeah, i can't remember the name of it.
thanks.
yeah, my mind's a blank, i'm sorta nervous, you know, uh that's ok.
 relax, relax.
ok, but i got this stupid table.
 you know, i'm not normally like this, usually i'm very cool and charming, i don't mean to bother you or anything but i think it's fate that you happened to be here at the same time as me.
yeah, its fate, you know, can't avoid your fate.
i got this treatment i think you'll be great in.
yeah.
so i'd like to give it to you.
yeah, thank you, thanks a lot.
 bye! alright, excuse me.
 uh wait, wait.
yeah, kramer.
 k-r-a-m-e-r.
 uh, i don't know, wavy? george, how would you describe kramer's hair?curly.
wavy.
what'd you ask me for?yeah, i'll hold on.
 hey george, did you see a piece of paper i had on the nightstand here, like crumpled up, like a napkin?nope.
'cause i had like three jokes on it, they were all perfectly worded just the way i wanted to have it.
 can't find it.
 hello?hey, a shoe buffing machine!i don't know, - , george, how tall is kramer?you got your own shampoo, conditioner, body lotion! jerry, bodyabout - .
ooh, a shower cap!coming.
hello.
 i have more towels.
oh good, good, come in.
 come in, welcome.
 i'm george.
 and this is jerry, over there, on the phone, that's jerry.
 and you are, um?lupe.
lupe.
 that's very nice, very nice.
 listen, are you going to be making up the bed in the morning?oh yes.
fine.
 excellent.
 could you do me a favor? could you not tuck the blankets in? cause i can't sleep all tucked in.
oh, yes, yes.
yes, i like to just be able to take the blankets and swish them and swirl them, you know what i mean? you know, i don't like being all tucked in.
 i like to have a lot of room, you know i like to have my toes pointed up in the air.
 just like to scrunch up the blankets.
yes, yes.
 it's too tight to sleep.
exactly, you know what i'm talking about, right?oh yees, it's too tight.
 him too?uh, jerry, you want your blankets tucked in?excuse me, what?you want your blankets tucked in?what blankets?when lupe makes up the beds in the morning.
i don't know, whatever they do.
i tuck in? yes?tuck in, tuck in.
alright, so that's one tuck and one no-tuck.
okay.
yeah.
 one second sweetheart.
 jerry, i really think it'd be easier if you didn't tuck.
excuse me, fine, you don't want me to tuck, put me down for a no-tuck.
two no-tucks.
uh, hang on a second, you know what? changed my mind, make it a tuck.
you just said you weren't tucking.
i'm tucking! hello? hello? they hung up on me.
 they don't know where kramer is anyway.
alrighty, so.
 that's one tuck and one no-tuck.
 got that?excuse me, um, did you see a piece of paper on the nightstand here earlier today crumpled up like a napkin?oh, yes, yes.
 i throw away when we clean the room.
oh, okay, thanks.
thank you.
thank you.
bye-bye.
alright, lupe, bye-bye now.
bye.
bye-bye.
i can't believe she threw that out.
 i had like the perfect wording of a whole joke i was gonna do about the x-ray counter at the airport, i was gonna do it on the tonight show, now i can't remember it.
well what did you want her to do, you left it on the night table.
they're not supposed to just take everything and throw it out!hey, hey, hey! it's not lupe's fault, you shouldn't have left it out.
alright, just get your thing together and let's get out of here.
alright, now.
 what mood am i in, what mood am i in?you shouldn't have tucked.
i like it tucked.
nobody tucks anymore.
hey, lieutenant.
this was found on her person.
i don't know, sir.
 police lingo.
ross.
yes sir.
yes sir.
yes sir.
this is very exciting! you're on the tonight show, nbc, who else is on the show?i don't know.
might meet a celebrity.
i can't believe she threw out my napkin.
what are you worried about, you know it.
you gonna be alright here?yeah yeah yeah yeah, go.
 go about your business, i'll just wander around.
alright, don't wander too far, i'll meet you back here in fifteen minutes.
go, go, go, don't worry about it.
hey.
 corbin bernsen.
how ya doing?big fan! big fan.
yeah.
hey, you grew a beard, huh?yeah, yeah.
 i'm doing a movie during my hiatus.
hey.
 you know, do i have a case for you guys to do on l.
a.
 law.
really.
 so mind you, at this point i'm only going out with her two or three weeks.
 so she goes out of town and she asks me to feed her cat.
 so at this time, there's a lot of stuff going on in my life and, uh, it slips my mind for a few days.
 maybe a week.
 not a week, five, six days.
yeah yeah yeah.
 so what happened?well, it's the damnedest thing.
 the cat dies.
 so she comes back into town, she finds the cat lying on the carpet stiff as a board.
so you killed the cat.
that's what she says.
 i say, listen.
 it was an old cat.
 it died of natural causes.
 so get this, now she tells me that i gotta buy her a brand new cat.
 i say listen, honey.
 first of all, it was a pretty old cat.
 i'm not gonna buy you a brand new cat to replace an old dying cat.
 and second of all, i go out to the garbage, i find you a new cat in fifteen seconds.
 i say, you show me an autopsy report that says this cat died of starvation, i spring for a new cat.
 so she says something to me, like, uh, i dunno, get the hell out of here, and she breaks up with me.
 now don't you think that would be a great case on l.
a.
 law?i don't wanna tell you how to run your show.
oh, of course not.
but really, it's enough with the bar already.
yeah, well.
seriously, have they though about changing the setting?doubt it, i doubt it.
 yeah.
really? because people do meet in places besides a bar, huh?well yeah, they do, heh heh.
what about a rec room? huh? or a community center.
yeah, you oughta write one of those.
yeah?yeah, i'll bring it up with the producers, i gotta uh fabulous, i'll think about that george, thank you!how's it going?great! great! i actually just had two meaningful intelligent conversations with corbin bernsen and george wendt.
really?yeah, yeah, not fan talk, not gushing, you know? actual conversation, i was incredibly articulate!you got toilet paper on your heel there.
oh yeah, yeah, people are always coming up to me trying to give me a great case for l.
a.
 law, just a few seconds ago, right here, right outside in the hallway this nut, some sick nut comes up to me and says he's supposed to watch this girl's cat while she's away out of town.
 anyway he forgets to feed the cat, the cat dies, starves to death, he kills the cat, refuses to get her a new one, won't give her any money, won't pay her, and he wants arnie becker to represent him.
 nice guy.
 yeah, that'd make a case for l.
a.
 law.
 thanks a lot.
he's a very handsome man.
 passionate, intense, but troubled, strange.
 i think he may be in love with me.
 of course there's nothing abnormal about that, i have many suitors.
it's funny, cause even after all these years, we still get people giving us advice, how to improve the show.
 actually, a few moments ago i ran into a nut back there, he said, you know, that maybe we should think about, you know, not doing the show in a bar.
so that's when i said, hey, kramer, dude.
 you ever killed a man before? and he said, what do you think, junior? these hands have been soaking in ivory liquid?the guy you talked to, what did he look like?short little bald guy with glasses.
yeah, yeah, that's the same guy i talked to.
it never ends, does it?so i'm going through the airport and i have to put my bag on that little uh, uh, the uh, that uh, the conveyor belt.
issue an arrest warrant, put out an apb.
 let's pick up this, uh, kramer.
i was terrible.
what are you, crazy? you were fine.
nah, did you hear the end? i couldn't remember what i was trying to say, that whole thing about the, uh conveyor belt.
yeah.
 because she threw out my napkin.
i can't believe, you're blaming lupe?yes, lupe.
 i'm blaming lupe.
our top story tonight, there has been a break in the so called smog stranglings'.
 police have just released a photo of the suspect being sought in connection with the slayings.
 he is known only as kramer'.
he's on the lamb s on the loose!would you let go of my arm?! i'm trying to drive, you're getting us both killed!what are we supposed to do? what do you do on a situation like this? should we call a lawyer, should we call the police?obviously we're gonna call the police and tell that he's not the guy.
hope he's not the guy.
couldn't be the guy nah.
god, i'm starved, i'm weak from hunger.
how can you think of food at the time like this?time like what? i'm hungry.
 my stomach doesn't know that kramer's wanted.
i told you to have breakfast, you should've had breakfast!i couldn't have breakfast, it was lunchtime! the three hour time difference threw me.
 i wanted a tuna fish sandwich, they wouldn't serve me tuna fish sandwich, because they were only serving breakfast.
you should've had some eggs.
for lunch? who eats eggs for lunch?have you ever heard of egg salad?why didn't you say something then?i've gotta to tell you about existence of egg salad?i need food, jerry.
 i feel faint, i'm getting light headed.
i've gotta call the police, there's a pay phone over there.
pay phone in l.
a.
, look it's a miracle.
i don't have any change.
 you've got any change?no, i don't have any change.
 i never carry change.
well, we need change and all i have is twenties.
i have a ten.
so, break it.
i hate asking for change.
 they always make a face.
 like i'm asking them to donate a kidney.
so, buy something.
what?i don't know, some mints or tictacs.
breath problem?no, i just want some change.
tell me.
your breath is fine.
 it's delightful, it's delicious.
you know, i haven't eaten anything.
i just wanna call the police!why don't you just call ?but is this an emergency?of course it is.
how is this an emergency?your friend is been accused of being a serial killer.
 i think that qualifies.
all right, i'll call .
 think he did it? could've he done it? couldn't done it? how could've he done it? couldn't be? could it? hello ? how are you? i'm sorry it was just a reflex i know it's an emergency number it is an emergency my friend is being accused of being a smog strangler and i know he didn't do it they're putting me trough to the detective in charge of the investigation what is my name? who am i? i'm eh george costanza what's the matter with you? are you crazy? why are you using my name?!oh, don't be a baby! what are you scared of?what am i scared of? i'm scared of the same thing that you are, everything! why don't you just use your own name?your name is a good name, costanza.
 sounds like it's stands for something, they'll believe us.
really?sure.
you think so?oh yeah.
 yes i have some very important information regarding the smog strangler.
 t know where we are.
 where are we?i don't know.
we don't know.
 he says ask somebody, ask that guy.
excuse me, where are we?earth.
hey, you know i'm on the phone with the police! some guy just gave me a wise answer.
 ask that woman.
excuse me ms.
 which street are we on?i don't know.
you don't know?i don't know.
how come you don't know what street are you on?you don't know.
george, it says it here on the phone.
 it's ventura boulevard.
 aha, ok do we know where the is? s gonna send a black and white to pick us up.
black and white?a cop car.
why didn't you just say that?i thought it sounded kind of cool.
oh yeah, real cool.
 you're a cool guy.
oh, you are? i guaranty you, lupe is going to tuck your covers in.
i'll bet you, how much?her tip.
you've got a bet.
ok.
how much do you tip a chamber maid?which one of you is costanza?get in.
hi, how are you guys? listen, does either one of you have like a mint or piece of gum or jerry, would you do me a favor, close the window.
hey, get out of here hey officer, he's fooling around back here.
cut it up back there.
he started it.
i did not.
 you guys gonna go through some red lights?i don't think so.
but you could?oh yeah, of course we could.
 we can do anything we want.
yeah, we do that all the time.
 you should see the looks on people's faces.
you guys ever shot anybody?no hey, can i flip on the siren?why are you bothering them for?i'm just asking, all they have to do is say no.
yeah, go ahead.
wohoo, check it out.
can i try it?yeah, go ahead, hurry up.
scared the hell out of that guy.
you know what i never understood? why did they change the siren noise? when i was a kid it was always waaaa, waaaa', you know now it woo-woo-woo-woo-woo'.
 why did they do that, did they do some research? did they find that woo-woo was more effective than waa?yeah, what about those english sirens, you know eee-aaa-eee-aaa-eee-aaa eee-aaa-eee-aaa-eee-aaa hey!i'm dizzy.
nice shotgun.
thanks.
clean as a whistle.
you could eat of that shotgun.
what is that, a gauge?yeah.
 gauge.
 seems to be the most popular gauge.
my favorite.
mine too, love the gauge.
makes the gauge look like a cap pistol.
what do got over there?looks like a possible - .
 - ? what's a - ?where?looks like it.
i can't believe this.
 a - ?where, where? i can't see.
this is car , we have a possible - in progress, over.
pull over? you can't pull over.
what are you doing? where do you think you're going?pull over? the lieutenant is waiting to see us.
hey hey hey, we're in a rush here.
we have an appointment!what are you doing?!great.
there's a bag of pepperidge farm cookies up there.
which flavor?milano.
cops eating milanos.
 what crazy town is this?should i take some?i think that's a - .
i'm starving they're busting this guy.
they're cuffing him.
i can't believe this.
hi.
hi, i'm jerry.
george, how you doing?what did you do?nothing.
nothing.
oh yeah right, me neither.
 hey i didn't do nothing!shut up.
hot out.
brutal.
what do you tip a chamber maid.
i don't know, five bucks a night.
no, a dollar, two tops.
hey, you guys aren't cuffed.
 what are you, narks?narks?imagine, us narks?no no no, you know actually we are friends of a serial killer.
really? well, that's very nice.
oh, thank you.
suspected serial killer, he didn't actually do it.
yeah well, we don't think.
we're pretty sure.
a dollar a night?yeah, that's a good tip!that stinks!i read it in ann landers.
oh, ann landers sucks!attention all units, attention all units, all units code .
 all units in the area, code in progress, north bartholis, units required for assistance in apprehension of .
that's smog strangler.
kramer.
i wanna see what's happening.
i don't know why i'm doing this.
jerry, george!you are under arrest in first degree murder and death of ms chelsea lang.
why did you do it? what possessed you?i don't know hey, how are you doing? jerry! george!we're doing fine.
 how are you?what me? fabulous, just fabulous.
 i've got a lot of auditions, a lot of call backs and i've got a lot of interest for my movie treatment.
 i'm in development, i'm in developed vehicles.
 and there's a lot of energy here, man.
 you know, the vibe, it's powerful.
 i'm just swept up at it.
 yeah, i'm a player.
a player?yeah, a player kramer, do you realize what's going on here? do you know why you're here?what? what this? i'll be out of here in couple of hours.
 hey, guess who i met today? rick savage, oh nice kid, really good kid.
 you know, we're talking about doing a project together.
kramer, you've been arrested as a serial killer!so? i'm innocent! i mean you guys believe that i'm innocent, don't you? jerry? george?well, yeah sure.
kramer, let's go.
 the lieutenant wants to see you.
ok, yeah.
 all right look, i'll be out of here by noon.
 maybe we'll have lunch together, huh?help me!! help me!i didn't kill anyone, i swear! i swear to god!don't you ever swear to my god, kramer.
 my god is the god who protects the innocent and punishes the evil scum like you, have you got that?you're making a big mistake.
no! you have made the mistake, kramer.
 sickies like you always do.
 the only difference is that this time you're gonna pay.
what?now you might beat the gas chamber kramer, but as long as i have got a breath in my body you will never ever see the light of day again.
wow wow wow wow, you've got the wrong man!! it wasn't me!oh yeah, right.
 maybe it was one of your other personalities huh, the wise guy, the little kid, the bellhop, the ball player, maybe the door to door vacuum cleaner salesman, but not you right? no, you wouldn't hurt a fly.
 you just couldn't help yourself, could you kramer? you saw life brimming brightly with optimism and verve and you just had to snuff it out.
ok, can i just talk to somebody? can i just explain i'm not interested in your explanations, kramer! sure, i bet you've got a million of em.
 maybe your mother didn't love you enough, maybe the teacher didn't call on you in school when you had your little hand raised, maybe the pervert in the park had a present in his pants, huh? well, i've got another theory you're a weed.
no society is filled with them.
 they're choking the life out of the all pretty flowers.
you see something even remotely pretty and you have to choke the life out if it, don't you kramer?you killed all the pretty flowers, didn't you kramer? you killed the pretty little flowers, didn't you? you dirty, filthy, stinky weed! didn't you?lieutenant, it's for you.
martel yeah yeah yeah yeah.
what it is, lieutenant?let him go.
what, but lieutenant?you heard me, let him go.
 they just found another body at the laurel canyon.
 go on kramer, get out of my sight.
hey, how did you know about the guy in the park?i said beat it!hahaa!what?what happened?somebody got killed while they had me in custody.
really? did you hear that? somebody else was killed!you're kidding? somebody else got killed?while you were in jail.
 so you're free.
yes, i'm free.
 cause the murderer struck again!so kramer, what are you going to do?do? do? hey, i'm doing what i do.
 you know, i've always done what i do.
 i'm doing what i do, way i've always done and the way i'll always do it.
kramer, what the hell are you talking about?what do you want me to say? that the things haven't worked out the way that i planned? that i'm struggling, barely able to keep my head above water? that l.
a.
 is a cold place even in the middle of the summer? that it's a lonely place even when your stuck in traffic at the hollywood freeway? that i'm no better than a screenwriter driving a cab, a starlet turning tricks, a producer in a house he can't afford? is that what you want me to say?i'd like to hear that.
yeah well, i'm not saying that! you know, things are going pretty well for me here.
 i met a girl kramer, she was murdered!yeah, well i wasn't looking for a long term relationship.
 i was on tv.
as a suspect in a serial killing.
ok, yeah, you guys got to put a negative spin on everything.
what did they put on this tuna? tastes like a dill, i think it's a dill.
so you're not gonna come back to new york with us?no no i'm not ready, things are starting to happen.
taste this, is this a dill?no, it's tarragon.
 hey kramer, i'm sorry about that whole fight we had about you having my apartment keys and everything.
ok, it's forgotten.
tarragon? oh, you're crazy.
well, take it easy.
yeah, ok.
yeah, take care.
 stay in touch.
hey hey, whoa come on give me a hug oh, no no, you're crushing my sandwich.
yeah, it's so nice when it happens to you.
mint?no thanks.
i've got to tell you, i'm really disappointed in lupe.
it's been three days already, forget about lupe.
do you think she gets to take any of those little bars of soap home?no, i don't.
you would think that at the end of the week when they hand out the checks, throw in a few soaps.
yeah, maybe they should throw in a couple of lamps too.
i'll tell you something, if i'd own a company, my employees would love me.
 they'd have huge pictures of me up on the walls and in their home, like lenin.
how much did you wound up tipping her?oh my god, i forgot!well, communism didn't work.
hey!any mustard? this is empty.
yeah, there's a new one in there.
no no, i don't like this one.
 it's too yellow.
 any pickles?help yourself.
yeah, all right.
kramer, what are you doing here?getting something to eat.
kramer, here!what did they do for toilet paper in the civil war?what?i wonder what toilet paper was loike in the 's.
 did they carry it in rolls in their duffle bags?everything with you comes down to toilet paper.
what?that's always the first question with you.
 why is that always your focus?all right, so what did they do?i don't know.
 maybe they gave out fig leaf clumps to all the soldiers.
well i think it would be nice if there was some kind of historical record of it.
maybe they should have a toilet paper museum.
 would you like that? so we could see all the toilet paper advancements down through the ages.
 toilet paper of the crusades, the development of the perforation, the first six-pack .
 .
 .
excuse me, jerry? i'm stu chermak.
 i'm with nbc.
hi.
could we speak for a few moments?sure.
hi, jay crespi.
hello.
uh, c-r-e-s-p-i?that's right.
i'm unbelievable at spelling last names.
 give me a last name.
mm, i'm not-george- huh? all right, fine.
first of all, that was a terrific show.
oh thank you very much.
and basically, i just wanted to let you know that we've been discussing you at some of our meetings and we'd be very interested in doing something.
really? wow.
so, if you have any idea for like a tv show for yourself, well, we'd just love to talk about it.
i'd be very interested in something like that.
well, here, uh, why don't you give us a call and maybe we can develop a series.
okay.
 great.
 thanks.
it was very nice meeting you.
thank you.
nice meeting you.
nice meeting you.
what was that all about?they said they were interested in me.
for what?you know, a tv show.
your own show?yeah, i guess so.
they want you to do a tv show?well, they want me to come up with an idea.
 i mean, i don't have any ideas.
come on, how hard is that? look at all the junk that's on tv.
 you want an idea? here's an idea.
 you coach gymnastics team in high school.
 and you're married.
 and your son's not interested in gymnastics and you're pushing him into gymnastics.
why should i care if my son's into gymnastics?because you're a gymnastics teacher.
 it's only natural.
but gymnastics is not for everybody.
i know, but he's your son.
so what?all right, forget that idea, it's not for you .
okay, okay, i got it.
 you run an antique store.
yeah and ?and people come in the store and you get involved in their lives.
what person who runs an antique store gets involved in people's lives?why not?so someone comes in to buy an old lamp and all of a sudden i'm getting them out of a jam? i could see if i was a pharmacist because a pharmacist knows what's wrong with everybody that comes in.
i know, but antiques are very popular right now.
no they're not, they used to be.
oh yeah, like you know.
oh like you do.
 and you're the manager of the circus.
a circus?come on, this is a great idea.
 look at the characters.
 you've got all these freaks on the show.
 a woman with a moustache? i mean, who wouldn't tune in to see a women with a moustache? you've for the tallest man in the world; a guy who's just a head.
i don't think so.
look jerry, the show isn't about the circus, it's about watching freaks.
i don't think the network will go for it.
why not?look, i'm not pitching a show about freaks.
oh come on jerry, you're wrong.
 people they want to watch freaks.
 this is a can't miss.
'hello newman.
come on lets go.
 i got the helmet.
 lets get the radar detector.
all right i'll be back in a second.
 you guys coming to my party? yeah, sure.
what's this all about?we're making a trade.
 i'm giving him my motorcycle helmet - he's giving me his radar detector.
i didn't know you had a motorctcle.
well my girlfriend had one.
you have a girlfriend?i had a girlfriend and she was pretty wild.
i never remember you with a girl.
nevertheless, this is a pretty bad deal for kramer.
 you know a radar detector is worth much more than that helmet.
 i think you're cheating him.
don't say anything.
all right.
you know you're getting gypped over here.
really, ah,we had a deal.
 are you reneging out of the deal? are you reneging? that's a renege.
oh, stop saying reneging'.
well you're reneging.
i, okay, okay.
 i'm not reneging.
all right give it to me.
 let go you let go - come on gimme that - just gimme that.
 here.
 idiots!thanks buddy.
 so long he he does that thing work?nah.
 i just got a postcard from elaine?really?yeah, they're in london now.
 they'll be back in a few weeks.
i can't believe she got involved with a shrink.
so, what's happening with the tv show? you come up with anything?no, nothing.
why don't they have salsa on the table?what do you need salsa for?salsa is now the number one condiment in america.
you know why? because people like to say salsa.
 'excuse me, do you have salsa? 'we need more salsa.
 'where is the salsa? no salsa?'you know it must be impossible for a spanish person to order seltzer and not get salsa.
 'don't you know the difference between seltzer and salsa?? you have the seltezer after the salsa!'see, this should be a show.
 this is the show.
what?this.
 just talking.
 yeah, right.
i'm really serious.
 i think that's a good idea.
just talking? well what's the show about?it's about nothing.
no story?no forget the story.
you've got to have a story.
who says you gotta have a story? remember when we were waiting for, for that table in that chinese restaurant that time? that could be a tv show.
and who is on the show? who are the characters?i could be a character.
you?yeah.
 you could base a character on me.
so, on the show, there's a character named george costanza?yeah.
 there's something wrong with that? i'm a character.
 people are always saying to me, you know you're a quite a character.
'and who else is on the show?elaine could be a character.
 kramer now he's a character.
 so everybody i know is a character on the show.
right.
and it's about nothing?absolutely nothing.
so you're saying, i go in to nbc, and tell them i got this idea for a show about nothing.
we go into nbc.
'we'? since when are you a writer? re talking about a sit-com.
you want to go with me to nbc?yeah.
 i think we really go something here.
what do we got?an idea.
what idea?an idea for the show.
i still don't know what the idea is.
it's about nothing.
right.
everybody's doing something, we'll do nothing.
so, we go into nbc, we tell them we've got an idea for a show about nothing.
exactly.
they say, what's your show about? i say, nothing.
'there you go.
 i think you may have something there.
so, the show would be about my real life.
 and one of the characters would be based on you.
 t think so.
what do you mean you don't think so?i don't like it.
i don't understand.
 what don't you like about it?i don't like the idea of a character based on me.
why not?well it just doesn't sit well.
you're my neighbor.
 there's got to be a character based on you.
that's your problem, buddy.
i don't understand what the big deal is.
hey, i'll tell you what - you can do it on one condition.
whatever you want.
i get to play kramer.
you can't play kramer.
i am kramer.
but you can't act.
phew!okay, fine.
 we'll use newman.
newman?nothin what do you want?yeah.
 that's strange.
that's queer uh?i want my helmet back! give me back my helmet and you're going to pay for that ticket.
yeah, you better think again mojumbo.
buyer beware.
no.
 we had a deal.
 there are no guarantees in life.
karma kramer? s the matter? nothing.
you sure? you look a little pale.
no, i'm fine.
 i'm good.
 i'm very good.
what, are you nervous?no, not nervous.
 i'm good, very good.
 t do this!what?i can't do this! i can't do it.
 i have tried.
 i'm here.
 it's impossible.
this was your idea!what idea? i just said something.
 i didn't know you were going to listen to me.
dont worry about it.
 they're just tv executives.
they're men with jobs, jerry! they wear suits and ties.
 they're married, they have secretaries.
i told you not to come.
i need some water.
 i gotta get some water.
they'll give us water in there.
really? that's pretty good.
oh god, it's joe devola.
who?this guy's a writer, he's a total nut.
 i think he goes to the same shrink as elaine.
oh god he saw me.
hello jerry.
hey joe! how you doing?you're under no obligation to shake my hand.
oh, no, just a custom.
 uh, that's my friend george.
 you look good.
why shouldn't i look good?oh, no reason.
 you're into karate right?you want to hit me?what are you doing here?i dreopped a script off.
ah, good for you.
well, you don't have to say anything.
no, uh, hey i guess i'll see you sunday night.
why?kramer's party.
kramer's having a party?no, no, he's not having a party.
 he's doing something.
 i don't know what it is.
 it's nothing.
 he's not doing anything.
gee, i thought kramer and i were very close friends.
no, i'm sure you are.
 i'm sure you are very close friends.
 very close.
give my best to hinckley.
what was that?i can't believe what i just did.
 i didn't know kramer didn't invite him.
 i better call kramer, they're ready for you.
okay, okay.
 look, you do all the talking, okay?relax.
 who are they?yeah, they're not better than me.
course not.
who are they?they're nobody.
what about me?what about you?why them? why not me?why not you?i'm as good as them.
better.
you really think so?no.
 s funny.
the parakeet in the mirror.
 that's a good one, stu.
yeah, it's one of my favorites.
what about you, george? have you written anything we might know? actually, it was off-off-broadway.
 it was a comedy about a mexican chef.
oh, it was very funny.
 there was one great scene with the chef - what was his name?pepe.
oh, pepe.
 yeah, pepe.
 and, uh, he was making tamales.
oh, he actually cooked on the stage?no, no, he mimed it.
 that's what was so funny about it.
so, what have you two come up with?well, we've thought about this in a variety of ways.
 but the basic idea is i will play myself- may i?go ahead.
i think i can sum up the show for you with one word: nothing.
nothing? nothing.
 what does that mean?the show is about nothing.
 s not about nothing.
 s about nothing.
well, maybe in philosophy.
 but, even nothing is something.
mr.
 dalrymple, your niece is on the phone.
i'll call back.
 not even close.
is it with a y'?no.
what's the premise? well, as i was saying, i would play myself, and, as a comedian, living in new york, i have a friend, a neighbor, and an ex-girlfriend, which is all true.
yeah, but nothing happens on the show.
 you see, it's just like life.
 you know, you eat, you go shopping, you read you eat, you read, you go shopping.
you read? you read on the show?well, i don't know about the reading we didn't discuss the reading.
all right, tell me, tell me about the stories.
 what kind of stories?oh, no.
 no stories.
no stories? so, what is it? d you do today?i got up and came to work.
there's a show.
 that's a show.
 how is that a show?well, uh, maybe something happens on the way to work.
no, no, no.
 nothing happens.
well, something happens.
well, why am i watching it?because it's on tv.
 not yet.
okay, uh, look, if you want to just keep on doing the same old thing, then maybe this idea is not for you.
 i, for one, am not going to compromise my artistic integrity.
 and i'll tell you something else, this is the show and we're not going to change it.
 right? i manage a circus i don't even want to talk about it anymore.
 what were you thinking? what was going on in your mind? artistic integrity? where, where did you come up with that? you're not artistic and you have no integrity.
 you know you really need some help.
 a regular psychiatrist couldn't even help you.
 you need to go to like vienna or something.
 you know what i mean? you need to get involved at the university level.
 like where freud studied and have all those people looking at you and checking up on you.
 that's the kind of help you need.
 not the once a week for eighty bucks.
 no.
 you need a team.
 a team of psychiatrists working round the clock thinking about you, having conferences, observing you, like the way they did with the elephant man.
 that's what i'm talking about because that's the only way you're going to get better.
.
 .
 .
 i thought the woman was kind of cute.
hold it.
 i really want to be clear about this.
 are you talking about the woman in the meeting? is that the woman you're talking about?yeah, i thought i might give her a call.
 i, i don't meet that many women.
 i meet like three women a year.
 i mean, we've been introduced.
 she knows my name.
it's completely inappropriate!why? maybe she liked me.
 i, i mean she was looking right at me.
 you know, i think she was impressed.
 you know, we had good eye contact the whole meeting.
oh, i forgot to call kramer.
wait a minute let me call susan.
no, no this is more important.
she might be leaving to work any minute.
no, i got to warn him that i told joe devola about his party.
no.
what is it?i was just thinking about this patient of mine.
what?just wondering if he's taking his medication.
well, come on we're on vacation.
well we were standing uh, inn the waiting area there, and you know how devola is.
 he's all, yeah  s george.
and so, uh i felt very uncomfortable with him and you know i just blurted out something about your party.
whoa, back up a second.
well, i didn't know that you didn't invite him.
why would you think i would invite him?i just a ssumed, assumed? never assume anything.
 i don't want that nut in my house.
 you know he's on medication.
hello, oh, hello.
 you remember, susan, from n b c.
of course.
 how are you?fine, it's good to see you.
and this is kramer.
hello.
all right go ahead susan, tell him.
tell me what?well, i, uh, sorry, excuse me one second.
 hello.
hi, would you be interested in switching over to tmi long distance service.
oh, gee, i can't talk right now.
 why don't you give me your home number and i'll call you later.
uh, i'm sorry we're not allowed to do that.
oh, i guess you don't want people calling you at home.
no.
well now you know how i feel.
 well, go ahead, tell him.
kramer, are you drinking that milk?yeah.
what's the expiration date on that?september third.
the third?and susan: the third?um, uh, ugh, noooo i never should have brought her up there.
 should have known better.
 should have seen it coming.
 i didn't see it coming.
i think she saw it coming.
you know she was behind the idea.
 she was going to champion the show.
 that's what i was bring her up there to tell you.
 and she liked me.
look just because kramer vomited on her doesn't mean the deal is dead.
what, are you crazy? it's a traumatic thing to be thrown up on.
vommiting is not a deal breaker.
 if hitler had vommited on chamberlin, chamberlind still would have given him chekoslovakia.
chamberlind, you could hold his head in nthe toilet, he'd still give you half of europe.
what happened to you?devola came after me.
what? devola? see i told you this guy is crazy.
 i can't believe this.
 what happened?can i have a coffee.
 what, you know i was walking home and i had to pick up my helmet from the shop, you know.
 i gota new strap.
 and i had it on you know, and i was checking the strap out to make sure it fit.
 then suddenly i feel this kick hit me on the side of the head.
 it knocks me down, i look up and it's crazy joe devola.
 and he say's, that's what i thin k of your party.
'boy, that is some kick.
well, yeah, newman's helmet, it saved my life.
 look at that.
wow, newman's helmet.
holly.
i got bad news for you buddy.
 devola says you're next.
me, why?he doesn't like you.
what does he want from me? i didn't do anything.
 see this is all elaine's fault.
 she took off to europe with his psychiatrist.
 he probably can't get his medication.
 now i got some nut after me.
pass the cream.
wait a second.
 .
 all right.
 where the hell did i put this?what are you looking for?the remote, the remote, i can't find the remote.
 did i lost, i lost it.
 did you take it? did you put it some place?no, no, no.
all right, what is this? what is what?all right, very funny.
 i get it.
you're in a weird mood.
come on.
 go back to your apartment and fix it.
fix what?your pants!what is this? what have i got one pant leg on for?don't you know? look-look at your face! you only shaved the right side of your face! what is this? a joke?no, t's a joke a joke a joke you think this is funny?go look at your face in the mirror.
wha-huh-wha-huh  yeah? s george.
come on up.
i don't believe this.
you mean, you didn't know you were doing any of these things?no, i swear.
i bet this is from that kick from that crazy joe davola.
 you better see a doctor and get some x-rays.
 m looking for.
me?yeah, here you go.
what's this?a dry-cleaning bill?from that woman at nbc?yeah.
a dry-cleaning bill for what?for vomiting on her vest!oh, come on george! i didn't do that on purpose!well, i shouldn't have to pay for it!well, neither should i! jerry's the one who left the milk in the refrigerator.
 yeah, your milk.
 he drank it.
i didn't know.
all right, well, we should all chip in i guess.
yeah.
how much was it to clean the vest?eighteen dollars.
can you get vomit out of suede?i don't know.
yo-yo ma!what? yo-yo ma?what about him?you just said yo-yo ma'.
what's yo-yo ma?he's a cellist.
 you should see a doctor today.
all right, come on, come on, let's go.
 six dollars.
i can't believe she sent you that dry-cleaning bill.
i know!that doesn't really bode well for the show, does it?the show! forget about the show! we should take the idea to a different networkoh, yeah.
 right.
 like anybody's ever gonna do this! how did you get me to go along with that? a show about nothing!it was a good idea.
 susan liked it.
 now, if he hadn't vomitted all over her, we'd be writing it right now.
jeez!anyway.
 clock? yeah, we would do that.
 okay.
 great! thanks a million! okay, bye.
what?nbc! they wanna have another meeting about the idea.
they wanna have another meeting? they wanna buy it?! they wanna but it?! oh! i tell you! we're gonna be rich!! what are we gonna get for this? fifty, sixty thousand?i don't know about sixty.
oh, it's gotta be fifty! hee hee! you know how much ted danson makes, huh?ted danson! now, how are you comparing us to ted danson?i didn't say we're ted danson.
'yes, you did.
 you said we're ted danson'!oh!you know, i think he wears a piece.
yeah, don't worry.
 he can afford it.
i'm ten minutes slow again! that's it for this piece of junk! i've had it.
what, is that the one your parents gave you?yeah! but it never works.
 you know we're supposed to be there by two o'clock.
 we should take a cab.
all right, we'll be a little late, i,m not taking a cab.
i'll pay for it.
it's not the money!well, what is it you object to? the comfort? the speed? the convenience?jerry!uncle leo!helloooo!hello there, how're you doing?ha ha! how are you?good, good.
how's your mom and dad?good, fine.
what are you getting to be too much of a big shot now to give me a call? i don't hear from you anymore!oh, no.
 i've been kinda busy.
 it's all.
you know where i just came from? oh, sure.
 danny.
he used to be in the pajama business.
 i used to be able to get pajamas for free.
 i used to come over and get pajamas all the time!oh, yeah, yeah.
 i remember.
the funny thing is: i can't wear em.
 i get too hot.
 i sleep in my underwear and a t-shirt.
 if it gets too hot, i just get the t-shirt off! anyway, danny says to me: you need any pajamas?' m sorry uncle leo, i really gotta get going.
oh.
 well.
 you gotta get going, so go.
we, we got a big meeting with the president of nbc.
nobody got a gun to your head! m really sorry, uh.
go.
 really.
 i understand.
 you got an appointment, go to your appointment.
i'm sorry, really.
you know, i know plenty of people in hollywood too!sorry, really.
 yeah?come on, are you ready? let's go!for what?what's the matter with you? i just talked to you fifteen minutes ago.
what about?the courthouse.
 you gotta go with me to the courthouse.
 i'm contesting a ticket today.
i can't, i'm going to the doctor's later.
you gotta go with me.
 i mean, you-you're my alibi.
 you have to take the stand.
well, i can't!well, let me remind you of something.
 you wouldn't be here if it wasn't for me and my helmet.
 i saved your life! you would be dead! dead! you would cease to exist! you would be gone for the rest of eternity! you wouldn't even begin to comprehend what that means!!shut up! i'll get my coat!don't step on anything.
you see the look on my uncle's face? did you see how insulted he was? what could i do? waht are we supposed to do? you can't leave.
 there's no excuse good enough to justify walking away from a conversation with one of my relatives.
i didn't shave this morning.
 i don't feel like myself.
you could be a fireman on a fire truck on the way to a fire.
 you bump into one of my relatives.
 i'm sorry uncle leo, there's a building full of people burning down.
 i really do have to be running.
 he'll go: go.
 go ahead.
 go to your fancy fire.
 if that's what you have to do.
'look at this.
why didn't you shave this morning?'cause i shaved yesterday in the afternoon.
why?because of the day before.
 it's a long story.
is that joe davola?it's not him!i can't live tlike this.
 i'm being stalked.
oh.
mister seinfeld? what about mister costanza? i'm not here?all right.
 look.
 now, you promised you're gonna be a little more flexible on the nothing idea, okay? jsut a little.
okay.
 a little.
okay, you're all set? you got your story?no.
when the cop stopped me, i told him that i was rushing home because my friend was about to commit suicide.
uhm now, you're that firend.
 now, all we need is a reason why you were going to commit suicide.
i never had an air conditioner.
no! that's no reason to kill yourself!why? it gets hot at night, you can't sleep.
 you ever tried to sleep in a really hot room?every night i sleep in a really hot room, i don't want to kill myself.
well, i slept in really hot rooms and i wanted to kill myself.
no, no, no.
 that's not gonna work.
 something else.
i was never able to become a banker.
banker! so you're killing yourself because your dreams of becoming a banker have gone unfulfilled.
 you-you-you-you can't live without being a banker.
yeah, yeah.
 if i can't be banker, i don't wanna live.
you must be banker.
must be banker.
okay, we'll go with the banker story.
the story is the foundation of all entertainment.
 you must have a good story otherwise it's just masturbation.
and people really have to care about the characters.
care? forget about care.
 love.
 they have to love the characters.
 otherwise, why would they keep tuning in?wouldn't tune in.
would they tune in?no tune.
we like to look at the show as if it were in ekg.
 you have your highs and your lows and it goes up and down.
the show will be like a heart attack!just a huge massive coronary.
so what you said last week about no story, you're a little flexible on that now.
is-is that what i said no story'? because jerry had to tell me later.
he couldn't believe it.
 and then what happened?look.
 i don't know how you two guys feel but we would really like to be in business with you.
well, we would like to be in business.
 let's do business.
 we'll have some business.
 let's have business.
we would love to be in business.
 we'll do business.
 we're in business.
 it's it's business.
 this is business.
yeah!your off-broadway play.
oh, oh.
 uh, you know.
 it's the damndest thing.
 i, uh, i moved recently and my files, pfff, disappeared.
 now, i-i don't know if they fell off the truck or if there was some sort of foul play but let me tell you something.
 i'm not through with that moving company.
 hmm, hmm.
that's my vow to you.
well, i got a feeling about you two.
 and even more than that.
 i place a great deal of confidence in that lady's judgment.
oh! that's good judgment.
 that's a pile of judgment there.
 sure.
oh! taht's judgment.
 yes, yes.
 judgment with earrings on.
 yeah.
 s make a pilot.
i had gone up to westchester.
 i go there every tuesday.
 i do charity for the blind in my spare time for the lighthouse.
 i was in the middle of a game of parcheesi with an old blind man and i excused myself to call my friend as he was very depressed lately because he never became a banker.
i don't understand.
you see, it'd been his lifelong dream to be a banker and he uh, just the day before he was turned down by another bank.
 i believe it was the manufacturer's hanover on lexington and th street.
 that was the third bank to turn him down so i was-i was a little concerned.
 i wanted to see how he was doing.
 well, your honor, he was barely audible.
 but i distinctly recall him say  yo-yo ma!so i sped home to save my friend's life and i was stopped for speeding.
 yes, i admit i was speeding but it was to save a man's life.
 a close friend.
 an innocent person who wanted nothing more out of life than to love, to be loved and to be a banker.
so then he didn't kill himself.
no sir.
 he did not.
 but only by thge grace of god.
 he's in the courtroom todaysee?yeah!i told you, i told you! ha ha ha! ooh ooh!now, all we gotta do is write it.
yes! how're we gonna do that?hey! congratulations!thanks.
oh, thank you.
thank you, thanks.
thanks.
 gee, you know, i thought you were mad at me.
no.
phone call? who knows i'm here?when you sent me the-the bill for the dry-cleaning.
 i thought the show didn't have a chance.
oh, it was only vomit.
anyway, i-i would like to-to pay for the cleaning.
oh no-no, it's okay.
 no-no-no, we all chipped in.
 we have the money.
well, it was eighteen dollars.
okay, uh, eighteen dollars, and there it is.
 there you go.
 so maybe we could get together this weekend.
yeah.
 call me.
all right, great.
bye.
bye thanks.
 t believe she took the money.
why?i offered to pay.
 she should've said no.
she did, you insisted.
maybe this is what the pilot should be about, vomiting on somebody's vest.
nah!how much are we gonna get for this? fifty, sixty thousand?oh, i d-i don't know.
 i d---oh, gotta get fifty.
 gotta get fifty.
 all right, i tell you what.
 we go to the coffee shop, you call your manager.
 maybe they made an offer.
okay.
 s go, come on.
thirteen thousand?thirteen thousand.
a piece?no, for both!that's insulting! ted danson makes eight hundred thousand dollars an episode.
oh, would you stop with the ted danson?well, he does.
you're nuts!i'm sorry.
 i can't live knowing ted danson makes that much more than me.
 who is he?he's somebody.
what about me?you're nobody.
why him? why not me?he's good, you're not.
i'm better than him.
you're worse, much much worse.
 s davola! what? where? where?outside! i saw him outside!what is it?oh, it's this patient.
 again?i'm fairly certain.
 i forgot to leave him an extra prescription for his medication.
well, so, he can live without his valium for a couple of days.
nah, you don't understand.
 he could be dangerous.
go outside and see if he's still there.
i can't go out there, he knows we're friends.
well, what are we supposed to do? i gotta take kramer to the doctor.
tell the cop.
good idea.
yeah, all right.
 just let me get a muffin.
thanks.
 ll walk us outside.
 this is a great way to go through life.
i thought you said he was gonna get a muffin.
 what are you doing?what?what, are you ordering food now?yeah! yeah, i decided to get a sandwich.
what happened to the muffin?i got a little hungry.
all of a sudden you get hungry?yeah! you got a problem with that?no! enjoy your lunch.
i thought he was just gonna have a muffin.
all of a sudden he gets hungry.
you know, a muffin can be very filling.
i know! mister kramer, you heard the testimony so far.
 would you please tell the court in your own words what happened on the afternoon of september th?what do you mean my own words'? whose words are they gonna be?you know what i mean.
 i was very upset that day.
and why was that? would you let me say it? let me talk!all right, all right.
 go ahead, go ahead.
all right.
okay.
 i was very upset that day because i could never become a banker.
and that failure to become a banker was eating at you.
 eating-eating-eating at you inside.
 uh, yeah.
it was your family that pushed you into banking , it was their dream for you mister newman.
your honor, i'm only trying to establish mister kramer's fragile emotional state, my entire case depends on it.
uh, continue.
as you were saying, mister kramer what was the question?you're telling how your parents pushed you into banking.
uh, well, my father when i was a kid, he took me to the bank and he lifted me up and he pointed to the teller and he said: sonny boy, take a good look at him, that's gonna be you some day.
'but you never became a banker, did you mister kramer? why? why did you fail?i don't know.
it was because you hated your father and you would do anything to displease him.
 isn't that true?uh, could you get to the speeding?yuh, yes.
 i intend to your honor.
 and then, on the afternoon of september th, you received a phone call did you not? phone call?yes, a phone call!from who?from me!from you?yes, from me!! i called you remember?you called me?yes, i called you, you idiot! because you were going to you were going to remember?what?you were going to i'm afraid i'm gonna have to call a---yes, the banker!!!what banking?a banker! a banker! your honor, your honor, your honor that's enough already.
your honor, mister kramer's obviously very distraught.
i'm distraught!?! wooh-wooh-hoo! i demand a recess so i can take him outside and help him regain hius composure.
that'll be seventy-five dollars.
 s the matter with you? we had it all worked out!do you see him?i'm not* sure.
well, either you see him or you don't.
all right.
 i don't.
 s getting coffee.
!what's with this guy? did you just order coffee?yeah.
this is really too much.
what is your problem?well, i'm sitting over there waiting for you to finish your sandwich for twenty minutes.
 now you're drinking coffee, that's gonna be another ten minutes.
well, you're just gonna have to wait.
never said anything about the banking.
you're off your rocker.
hey you guys!hey!what are you doing here?what are you doing here?hey, is davola outside?davola?yeah.
no, i didn't see him.
crazy joe davola? jerry, yours is eleven dollars.
eleven dollars for what?muffin, sandwich and coffee! re gonna make the pilot.
you're gonna do the circus freak show, uh?no.
pilot? so what do you make for something like that? fifty? sixty thousand?what's the difference? the money is not important.
 hey newman, is that your red car?yeah.
i think you're getting a ticket.
deh!run, run! go, go, go!hey! what are you doing? it's after six o'clock! you can't give me a ticket! hey, you're not gonna get away with this.
 i'll fight this.
 i got witnesses.
i saw the whole thing!maybe this whole thing would be a good idea for the pilot.
ah, get outta here.
 the vomiting is much funnier.
oh, like you know what you're talking about!no, you do!so george and i went up to nbc and we told them the idea for a series now we're just waiting to sign the contract.
and they liked the idea?yeah.
what'ya got leather seats here?since when is george a writer?what writer? it's a sitcom.
this is so exciting.
 when are you going to sign the contract?soon, there's a couple of problems.
jerry, i wanna tell you that meal was the worst.
what do you expect? it's airline food.
they give you that how could you eat fish on a plane?because she puts up such a big stink every time i have a piece of meat.
what kind of problems?well, george doesn't think $ , is enough money.
what? he's not even working.
george is right.
 those people will try to get away with murder.
 believe me.
 they're all crooks.
jerry, i want you to sign that contract.
we're going to sign it.
 we're going to sign it.
 in fact george is out with the woman from nbc right now.
so, i'm uh, i'm afraid we're going to have to pass.
yu - you're passing?well, it's .
 .
 .
 much too low.
are you and jerry in complete agreement on this?tsh ve talked .
 .
 .
 i believe i can speak for the both of us on this.
well be-because you know that, because this is your first show it's a pretty standard deal.
standard?yeah.
is ted danson's deal standard?ted danson?you know, the guy from cheers.
yeah, i know who he is.
 re not ted danson.
i didn't say i was ted danson.
all right, i'll tell russell tomorrow.
you tell russell.
oh, um, before i forget, .
 .
 .
 cuban cigars.
 it's a present from my father.
oh do i have to write him a note or something?yeah, i am sure he'd appreciated that.
well what would i say in the note?ah, you're a writer.
 you'll think of something.
oh-ohf were you waiting long at the gate?um, i don't even know?where's that watch we bought you?oh uh that's enough with this piece of junk i've had it.
 wha-is that the one your parents gave you?yeah, but it never works.
.
 .
 .
 it's uh, being fixed.
i got a guarantee on that watch.
 give it to me, i'll take it back to where we got it.
it's at the jeweler.
you send me the bill.
i'm not sending you the bill.
that watch was a gift.
 you shouldn't have to pay for it.
that's uh, $ .
 .
here, i got it.
what are you talking about? it's my car.
 let me pay for the gas.
no, no put it away .
 .
 .
dad!stop it.
i have money.
 i make money.
yeah, yeah, you make money.
you don't think i make money.
 that's what you think isn't it?no, i don't think that.
yes you do.
 that's what you both think.
i'm paying.
dad i'm paying.
get out of here.
you're not paying.
now jerry please, do not do this to your father.
 over my dead body jerry.
 i'll tell you right now, you're not going to do it.
no don't do this.
 you're not doing this.
 i will fight you.
 no you don't no.
boy, you got a lot of stuff here.
 .
 .
 .
 dad, what are you doing?nothing nothing.
leave it.
 what about your back?morty, what are you doing?all right, all right.
you come all the way up here to see a back specialist and you're lifting heavy suit cases.
hey, morty.
hey, mr.
 kramer.
 ha ha ha.
hey, mrs.
 seinfeld.
 hiha, ha, ha oh, what happened to you?oh, ah, well some guy kicked me in the side of the head.
what guy?ah, w-crazy joe devola.
why?well, i was having this party and i didn't invite him and then jerry, tipped him off.
why did you tell this crazy guy that kramer didn't invite him to his party?i didn't know he wasn't invited.
hey, these are very comfortable pants.
 you know what i paid for these jerry?so why did you say anything?it was a mistake.
they're good around the house -- and they're good for outside.
are you okay?oh, yeah, yeah.
 i was a little off last week, huh jerry -- yeah but the doctor says it was just a slight concussionso what's the matter with this devola guy?he's got like a chemical imbalance.
 he needs to be on medication.
oh, yeah, yeah.
 he's after jerry now.
kramer!!he's what?!he's joking.
he's after you?nooo.
why is he after you?he's not after me.
morty, do you here this? some crazy guy is after jerry.
i'll make a few phone calls.
who you gonna to call?what are you worried about?i want to know what you did to this guy that he's after you.
i didn't do anything.
well you must have done something.
no, he just doesn't like me.
doesn't like you? how could anyone not like you?you know it seems impossible.
doesn't - doesn't like you? how could that be?ma, i know this may be hard for you to understand but i am sure there are many people who do not like me.
huh, jerry, don't say that.
it's true.
no, it isn't! it's not true.
 you're a wonderful, wonderful boy.
 everybody likes you.
 it's impossible not to like you.
 impossible.
 morty?maybe some people don't like him.
 i could see that.
kramer?yeah, i like him.
 hey jerry, what time you got?um, i haven't got my watch on.
 it's being fixed.
when you getting it back?uh, next week.
next week? how come it's takin so long?huh?i said how come it's takin so long?i don't know.
 they're, backed up.
wait a minute, wait a minute, where did you take it?where'd i take it?yeah.
where did i take it? where did i take it? umm, to that place on, uh columbus and th.
 okay?what? jimmy sherman?yeah.
yeah, i know the guy.
 i take my stuff in there all the time.
 yeah, i bet i can get your watch back by tomorrow morning.
no, kramer, i don't want you to say anything to him.
no, i'd be happy to.
 he's a friend of mine.
i'd like to follow the regular procedures.
 i don't want any special treatment.
hey, i'm going to get that watch back for you by tomorrow, buddy.
 you see.
bring me the receipt.
i get that too.
 be right back.
 there's no watch i threw it in the garbage can on the street.
 it didn't keep good time.
 my parents gave it to me, but i didn't like it.
 so don't mention it again, okay!y-yeah, all right.
all right.
wait, wait, .
 .
 .
y-yea, w-no dit dit g- what was that about?oh, no, uh, he's got my calamine lotion and uh, i told him not to return it.
 if he needs it he should keep it.
 he's got uh, he's got a thing on his ankle.
how can anyone not like him.
hi, morty seinfeld.
 i have a two o'clock appointment.
yes, mr.
 seinfeld.
 would you please fill this out.
all this? this whole thing? it's going to take me forty-five minutes.
i know.
 it's very long.
look at this.
 it's a book.
 employer's address.
 whydo they need this? you know i never had a back problem until that night i slept on the convertible sofa.
 my back was fine.
well, it's not the sofa.
you stick up for that sofa like i'm criticizing a person.
we got it from sullivan's.
 it's a good store.
well one day somebody's going to sleep on that thing and we'll get sued.
 i hope this doctor knows what he's doing.
leo says he's the best there is.
leo, i'm listening to leo now!well you're lucky he was able to get you this appointment.
 you know what the waiting list is for this guy?well, if he fixes my back i'll be happy.
 .
 .
 .
 s enough.
julie, you want to take him back?you what? you passed? how could you do that?ahhhhh cha do in business.
let me explain to you what you just did.
 there are literally hundreds of people trying to get pilot deals with them this year.
 they go with maybe, five.
 okay, if we pass, that's it.
 they go to the next show.
ooooo, i'm scared.
 .
 .
 .
 ohoooo they're not going to do the show.
we're lucky they're even interested in the idea in the first place.
 we got a show about nothing.
 with no story.
 what do you think, they're up there going, hey maybe we should give those two guys, who have no experience and no idea, more money!?ohooo what are we going to do? i'm shaking! i'm shaking!well, i think you're wrong.
well, we'll just see.
yes we will.
yes we will.
i just said that.
i know you did.
so good for you.
so good for you.
what are you repeating everything i'm saying?what are you repeating everything i'm saying?well george is an idiot.
well george .
 .
 .
 .
all right, all right, let's go already.
 they keep you in here a year.
 they don't give a damn.
 i could die in here.
 .
 .
 .
 m here twenty minutes.
 could somebody please help me.
 shhh.
 quiet! everyone can hear you.
twenty minutes.
 i've been waiting twenty minutes.
well the doctor must be busy.
well then what do they make appointments for if they can't keep them.
 huh, hha.
 look if i did that in my business i wouldn't have made a nickel.
hello, mr.
 seinfeld.
i thought you forgot about me.
we didn't forget.
haahhh! the velcro.
 i can't stand velcro.
 it's that t-e-a-r-i-n-g sound.
 i used to be in raincoats.
 i refused to put that in any of my lines.
okay, mr.
 seinfeld, please come this way.
 we need some x-rays.
leave all my stuff here?leave it.
oh hey, by the way.
 do you want a box a, cuban cigars? i smoked one last night.
 i got nauseous.
no i don't want ?em.
i'll take it.
 no, i'll take it.
 what is it?here you go.
cigars? yeah, cubans.
oh, yeah?yeah, the kind that castro smoked.
 you can't buy ?em anywhere.
castro eh? pasto costillo homiga yeah?federal express.
federal express? come on up.
 .
 .
 .
 federal express.
 i'm not expecting a package.
wooo, you know what you just did? you let a burglar in the building.
you think so?federal express? of course.
 that's the oldest trick in the book.
 you know it might not be a burglar it could be a murderer.
so you want to just abolish all home package deliveries.
yes.
 it's dangerous.
wait det doit dit who is it?okay, gidg gi gt hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii!i want one of those!hiiii krameroh yeskramer, hi, i thought you went to california.
well i came back for you.
oh, shut up i missed you.
really? you really missed me?yeah, .
 .
 .
 seriously.
yeah, yeah, me to miss -- i miss.
yeah, big missing goin on ahhhhhh haa ha hahey, i'm going to be right back.
 i'm going to get a match.
oh god, who's suitcase is this?oh, it's my parents.
 my father came up to see a back specialist.
oh, god, it's probably from sleeping on that sofa.
boy, you look really great.
yeah.
you lie.
no, no you really look great.
hu hu, ha ha ha.
so tell us about the trip.
 how's dr.
 reston?oh, he's fine.
things are good?yeah, you know uh oh.
what, uh oh?did you see that?yeah, i saw it.
what?it's a tell.
 you gotta tell.
what tell? what's a tell?when you ask someone about their relationship and they touch their face, you know it's not going too well.
 go ahead ask me how it's going with somebody.
um, uh, who's it going with, uh, alice?good, going good how high did i go?you almost did the nose.
what are you eating my peanut butter out of the jar with your disgusting index fingers? this is a sickening display.
 what? i'm not eating bread now.
 i'm off bread.
 so what happened is it over?no not quite.
why not?well he was my psychiatrist, you know.
 i mean, he knows all my patterns.
 he knows in relationships that i always try to find some reason to leave, and so, he says as my doctor, he can't allow me to do this, so he's not letting me leave.
what do you mean - not letting you?'he has this power over me, okay.
 i mean he has this way of manipulating every little word that i say.
 he's like a svenjolly.
svengali.
what did i say?svenjolly.
svenjolly? i did not say svenjolly.
george?svenjolly.
 i don't see how i could have said svenjolly.
well maybe he's got like a, cheerful mental hold on you.
you know i can't find a match anywhere.
you know what you should do? you should tell this guy you're seeing somebody else.
 that's the easiest way to get out of these things.
no, it's not going to work with this guy.
no, you just tell him ah, an old boyfriend has come back into your life.
i don't think so.
nice try.
took a shot.
this is a good cigar so, when do i get to see the doctor?he'll be in with the x-rays in a few minutes.
 you can get dressed.
  s gone.
are you sure?yes, i'm sure.
 i went in to get my x-ray, somebody takes my wallet.
 is that the operation here?mr.
 seinfeld, i'm dr.
 dembrow, i've been going over your x-rays.
i'm not interested in the x-rays.
 i want my money back.
 somebody stole my wallet.
 i had $ in there.
well, i don't see how something like that could have happened.
oh, you don't see.
 you don't see.
 well it happened.
 believe me.
 s going on?they stole my wallet.
what?yeah, while i was in getting x-rayed.
all right, mr.
 seinfeld, i am sorry about your wallet but would you like me to look over these x-rays?what kind of clip joint are ya running here?all right, fine.
 the least you could have done was heard your diagnosis.
i am not interested in his diagnosis.
 he's a bum.
you came all the way from florida to see him.
i want to know what kind of an office this is where you can't leave your pants in the room.
 you tell me.
i'm sorry but there's somebody else.
umm hm.
well it's, nothing i planned on happening, you know.
 it just, kind of happened.
tell me about him.
well, there's not really much to tell, you know, he's just a guy, really.
yes, well i assumed he's a guy.
right and you've known him how long?.
 .
 .
 years.
 many years ve been close friends and then recently something just you know happened.
you mean sexually?yeah, yeah.
 sexu-ally.
i think your um excuse me.
 yes, oh yes, bobo.
 uh, no it's just east of madison.
 around : will be fine.
 all right bobo see you then.
 m sorry where were we?well, i was just um, telling you about this, other guy.
mm.
 elaine yeahdo you remember your dream, where you have a sexual encounter with a chinese woman?yeah.
 yeah, mm-hm.
elaine, i'm concerned about you.
oh, no no no no, don't concern yourself with me, because i'm - i'm good.
 i'm - i'm very good, i mean i'm really very, very good.
elaine.
 have you been urinating a lot again?.
 .
 .
 no.
and how often have you been seeing, um .
 .
 .
? i'm sorry what is his name?h-his name?yes, his name.
um, well what's the difference?are you afraid to tell me his name?no, no, i just - i just don't see how that's relevant.
it doesn't matter if you don't see how.
 i see how.
uh, his name, um, i don't - i don't even know, all right you want to know his name? i'll - i'll tell you his name.
 his name is .
 .
 .
 kramer.
kramer.
 is that his first name or his last name?oh, i'm - i'm really uncomfortable talking about this.
elaine, i want you to do me a favor.
what?i want you to tell this young man to give me a call.
 it's very important that i speak to him.
oh, oh no, no no no, i can't do that.
you can do it and you will do it.
no, i can't.
you can and you will.
okay, okay.
 yeah i'll have kramer give you a call.
so you didn't even let the doctor treat you?i wouldn't give him the satisfaction.
why did you leave your wallet in your pants?what are you talking about? what was i supposed to hide it somewhere?you could've taken it with you.
oh, yeah, i'll be lying on an x-ray table with my wallet in my mouth.
hello hi uncle leo.
i just talked to dr.
 dembrow's son.
 he said they almost had to call the police.
what are you talking about? i'm the one who should have called the police.
 they stole my wallet.
you know how hard it was for me to get that appointment for you? you can't just walk in on this guy.
 he did me a personal favor.
all right, leo.
and you walked out without paying.
how was i supposed to pay? i didn't have my wallet.
well, i hope you send him a check.
what for?what for? this man was nice enough to see you.
 he did me a personal favor.
that's the second time you said personal favor'.
 why do you keep saying that?i said it once.
twice! and dembrow doesn't even know you.
 his son happens to live on your floor.
leo, where did you get that watch?you know where i got this? i found it in the garbage can.
 it kept terrible time.
 i brought it over to jimmy sherman right here on th and columbus.
 gave it to me back the next day.
 works great.
 what kind of idiot throws a way a perfectly good watch?morty, doesn't that watch look like the one that we gave jerry.
hey, where's the waiter.
 dad, what say we have some red meat tonight.
 let's live a little.
 .
let me see that.
could we continue this another time.
 he brings in a watch, it takes over a week to fix.
 he fixed yours in one day.
oh, you know these jewellers, they're enigmas.
 they're mysteries, wrapped in a riddle.
 s very attractive.
she's okay.
just okay?she's nice.
she's better than nice.
she's all right.
she's beautiful.
she's not beautiful.
i think she's beautiful.
so you ask her out.
i'm not gonna ask her out.
why not?if you don't think she's beautiful, there's something wrong with you.
she's pretty.
 she's not beautiful.
i should drop dead if she's not beautiful.
i think that's a little extreme.
 s awright.
 s fishy about this.
he said what?'the hell with them.
''the hell with them?'those were his exact words.
 oh boy.
he said, we've got five hundred shows to choose from.
 why should we give two guys, who have no idea, and no experience, more money?' he was pretty emphatic?pounded on his desk.
pounded? i told you to take the offer.
 m the creative guy.
 he handles the business end.
you said it was insulting.
i was quoting him.
 why would i be insulted? i'm never insulted.
 you could call me baldy, dump soup on my head.
 nothing insults me.
well, there's nothing i can do.
well, don't they make a counter offer? how can they just cancel the whole deal like that? what kind of a maniac is this guy? i mean he just, he says no, and that's it?yeah, that's the way russell is.
 he doesn't like to play games.
well, he has to play! he can't just not play.
 we're playing! look, i gotta see him, how do i get in touch with him?you'll have to wait til monday.
mon ? no, no, i can't wait til monday, that's impossible, i gotta talk to him now.
 where does he live? t give you his address.
give it back!gimme the purse!okay, so he just wants to talk to you.
 i couldn't talk him out of it.
 so you just tell him that you're my boyfriend and that we're in love, okay.
 can you do that?yeah, yeah, okay.
 i'm your boyfriend.
okay.
have we been intimate?yeah.
 yeah, we've been intimate.
alright, how often do we do it?kramer, how is that important? honestly, do you really think he's gonna ask you that?elaine, he's a psychiatrist.
 they're interested in stuff like that.
alright, alright.
 we do it, uh five times a week, okay? oh, man.
 alright, listen.
 just tell me something, what are you gonna say?i know what i'm gonna say.
no, no, but i would like to hear it.
no, no.
 i don't wanna say it out loud.
 kills the spontaneity.
 you know, gleason, he never rehearsed.
 head, do it.
 alright, okay.
 you talk to him.
 talk to him.
hey, how's your hair?oh, well, yeah, it's good.
 re not the type that should be playing with matches, seriously kramer.
 s expecting my call.
 okay.
 johnny was a rebel.
 he rode through the land  yu uh, yes, yes uh, uh, doctor reston.
 uhm well, hello there.
 ahh yeah, well, i'm a good friend of elaine's  no, no.
 not friends.
 well, actually uh, we're uh, we're not friends uh, we're uh, we're much more than friends  and uh, i'm afraid we have a bit of a problem.
 well, the point is, doctor uh, i'm very much in love with elaine  and uh, she's very much in love with me, and uh, well uh, we would uh, appreciate it if you would cease and desist, and allow us to pursue our courtship unfettered.
 s perfect!if not, i can assure you, doctor, that i can make things very unpleasant for you and your staff.
 if you have one.
yes.
 yeah, but the point that i  ah, ye s possible  d have to shift a few things around, uhm hold on for a second, will you? uh  uh, go ahead, yeah.
 eh, hah, okay.
 so long.
what happened? what'd he say? s going on here?uh, okay now.
 he uh, you know, he uh, wants to get together.
 get together!!he wants to talk.
well, why didn't you say no!! s interesting.
 ugh!did you enjoy your poisson?it was different.
 and how was yours?ah, very good.
you should try our mousse.
 ll change your life expectancy.
no thanks, just the check.
what's the matter with you?what?why didn't you flirt with her?come on.
she was flirting with you.
 why didn't you say something?what am i gonna say?you just sat there.
well, you made me uncomfortable.
you're a comedian, couldn't you come up with something? s the bathroom?in the back, on your right.
dad!will you stop it jerry.
 let go.
jerry.
will you let me pay just once.
you're out of your mind.
how you gonna pay? you don't even have a wallet!don't worry about it.
what're you gonna do?what's the difference, we'll figure something out.
 re not paying.
alright, fine.
 you figure something out.
 i'd be very curious to know how you pick up a check with no money.
 cause if this works, the whole monetary system's obsolete, we're back to wampum.
 m going to the bathroom.
how the hell am i gonna pay for this?they give you some portion here, huh?uh, yeah.
 t uh, rude to you that day i bumped into you on the street.
 uh, i really did have to get to a meeting.
 re all very busy.
so you found that watch in the garbage can, huh?yeah.
 in fact it was right after i ran into you.
oh, heh.
 you know, a friend of mine has a watch just like that.
 i'd love to replace it for him as a gift.
well, i haven't seen too many like these.
yeah, i know.
 maybe uh, you wanna sell me that one.
  hang on a second.
 i got a little proposition for you.
 s a george bonanza to see you.
costanza.
 costanza.
 george costanza.
the guy who pitched him the show with the stories about nothing.
 s friend.
 he says, call him monday.
 mister dalrimple! mister dalrimple i have to talk to you!excuse me.
it's about the show.
 it no, it was excuse me.
 it was all a terrible misunderstanding, sir.
 just five minutes.
 just five minutes of your time.
 thank you! thank you, mister dalrimple.
 very good, sir.
you don't understand.
 i can't allow my son to pay for me.
 look, as soon as i get back to florida, i promise you i'll mail you a check.
no, no, he won't let me do that.
he could wash them.
don't tell me about business! i sold raincoats for thirty-five years!you don't understand my now look, don't take too long.
 look at this building.
 what is this?i don't know.
 it's a building.
 s on a diagonal.
so what? s architecturally incorrect.
 just go.
 m not disturbing anything.
we were about to sit down to dinner.
 this is cynthia.
 re you having, veal?no.
looks like veal.
it's not veal.
well, it's a good looking piece of meat.
 who gave you my address?no, that's a fair question.
 it is, uhm he uh, he gave it to me.
 unbelievable how many addresses of people this guy has.
he's got marlon brando's.
 i could go to marlon brando's house if i really wanted.
course, i wouldn't, i mean uh, the guy is uh, well obviously the guy has his problems.
so, what's the surprise? you wanna talk about the show?well, you know, it's really very funny, because you know what we got here, really? we really, really, just have a terrible misunderstanding.
 you see, when i passed on the deal, i thought that's what jerry wanted me to say.
 y'know, i, i misinterpreted.
 s the tv guide.
oh, what time is it? eight thirty? i'll tell you what's on.
 you got major dad, blossom, very funny programme blossom's on monday.
are you sure? oh, look who i'm talking to.
 the president of nbc.
 look mister costanza, it's too late now anyway.
 i already made a deal with another writing team.
 cynthia, right?alright, now look.
 these deals are already made.
awright, lemme just say this.
 ten thousand dollars, alright, and now i'm going below what you wanted to pay.
 you have your dinner, have your veal, or whatever it is.
 enjoy mister costanza.
alright, that's it.
 alright, good, eight thousand dollars.
 s so thick and rich.
 did you ever, you ever rub it against the grain? alright, anyway  russell, can we eat? alright.
 eight thousand.
 ve made jerry very happy.
may i just use your bathroom for a moment?alright, two hundred, but that's as high as i can go.
 i really think you're being unreasonable here!jerry, i'd give you the watch.
 it's not the money, i happen to like it.
look, i happen to know how much that watch cost.
 it's a sixty dollar watch, you paid forty to get it fixed.
 that's a hundred dollars.
 i'm offering you two hundred! ve never seen a band like this.
aww, right.
 three hundred, plus fifty for the repair.
 three fifty, that's it!you have it on you?yeah, i think i do.
 this is unbelievable.
what the hell is going on here?well, it uh, s a pleasure to meet you.
 thank you for coming in.
thank you.
please, sit down.
 okay.
could i offer you something to drink.
 uhm, coffee? anything?okay uh, yeah.
 i'll have a uh, you have a decaf cappuccino?i don't think we have that.
well, that's a little strange.
uh, why does that surprise you?well, it's uh, it's a very popular drinkthis is an office.
that's true.
 but, you know, i can't help but think that uh  so tell me mister kramer  okay, yes, shoot.
tell me all about uh, you and elaine.
oh, alrighty uh well, what we have here, doctor, is uhm, an extraordinary situation.
is it?oh, you better believe it.
 ' singing a song, side by side 'wow.
 you really have a terrible voice.
do i know you?uhh, i don't think so.
'cos you really look familiar.
oh, well maybe you've seen me.
 my face is on uhm, mountoh yes, of course, that's it.
 i guess i'm just used to seeing it on a much larger scale.
oh yeah, right.
 i replaced uh, teddy roosevelt.
oh really.
umm.
 trustbuster.
 bust this.
you know, i never thought of it like that before, doctor.
 you, are absolutely right.
i'm glad we agree.
 re cubans.
i'd love one.
yeah.
 you know, i think elaine is a wonderful woman.
 you two are gonna make a wonderful couple.
if you ever feel, a need to talk to someone  uh huh.
 about anything.
 you have my number.
 s very kind of you.
mmm, these are good, huh? oh.
i cannot believe i'm doing this.
 i never meet people like this.
 you're not a nut, are you?no, i don't think so.
i can't believe i'm doing this.
 i never do stuff like this.
 really? i give out my number to just about every customer who comes in here.
oh.
 t seem that desperate.
 m a little disappointed.
 i kind of had my eye on uncle leo.
uh huh.
 well uh, i'll give you a call, and thanks for the fish.
 by the way, you know why fish are so thin?why?they eat fish.
hey.
what happened? what took you so long?hey, he's a terrific guy.
wha ? what are you talking about? what'd he say?well, we talked about a lot of things.
you talked about a lot of things? well yeah.
did you talk about us?i'm in love.
 i just met her outside in the street.
 herdid you say elaine?how come the psychiatrist, every, the hour is only fifty minutes? wha, what do they do with that ten minutes that they have left? do they just sit there going, boy, that guy was crazy.
 i couldn't believe the things he was saying.
 what a nut! who's coming in next? oh, no, another headcase!'you shoulda told me it didn't work.
i know, i know.
you didn't have to throw it out.
i was always late.
 it was frustrating me.
 i'm sorry, i really am.
oh, that must be leo.
i woulda taken you to the airport.
he has nothing to do.
neither do i.
 yeah?it's george.
come on up.
 s george.
oh, it's george.
what ever happened with nbc and the deal?ah, george turned it down.
he turned it down?yeah.
why did he do that?because of ted danson.
what does ted danson have to do with it?maybe he doesn't like ted danson.
 ll wind up getting more money.
 hey.
hey, georgie-boy, how are ya?hey, mr seinfeld.
 hey, mrs seinfeld.
 how are you?what's the matter with you?what'd i do?what about nbc? did you hear anything?yeah, as a matter of fact, i did.
we got a deal.
 s wonderful!/we got a deal!heyy! terrific.
you see, he had the right idea.
 hold out.
 that's how you get the big money, huh george? uh, please, morty.
no, no, no.
 he knows how to talk to these people.
 no-one's gonna take advantage of georgie.
 i'm just happy to be working with your talented son aww  who's not doing this for the money.
 c'mon.
you have no idea how refreshing that is.
so what'd we get? eight thousand dollars.
beautiful! s uh, for the two of us.
four thousand apiece?lemme see if i understand this.
 in other words, you held outi was wrong, you were right.
you know, the basic idea of negotiation, as i understand it, is to get your price to go up.
you're smart, i'm dumb.
you know, this is how they negotiate in the bizarro world.
that's gotta be leo.
 yeah?leo.
alright, we're coming down.
alright, let's get going.
dad, before we go, i got a little something for you.
a present.
a present?hey! look at this, a wallet.
 exactly what i needed, y'see.
c'mon, you lost your wallet, i figured i'd get you another one.
i hope you didn't spend too much on that.
i wanna tell you.
 this is one of the most thoughtful gifts anyone's ever given me.
he's something, you son, isn't he?ah hah, alright, let's go.
you're a terrific kid.
okay.
yeah, he's something, isn't he?how could anybody not like you? re very special.
 m good for about four thousand dollars.
hey, let's go! it's twelve uh, twelve twenty-two.
alright, leo.
hey, uncle leo.
hi, hi how you doing?this is some beautiful parking spot you got here.
yeah, i hate to give it up.
yeah.
 hey, dad, you sure you don't need any more money?jerry!alright, i'm just joking.
 listen, have a nice trip.
 bye bye, jerry.
bye mrs seinfeld, take care.
bye bye.
 thanks again for the wallet.
 morty, always a pleasure.
take care now.
 so long.
yeah, like he was really gonna take your money.
oh, he took it.
 i put four hundred dollars in the new wallet.
you're kidding.
he lost all that cash.
 it was the only way i could give it back to him, otherwise he wouldn't accept it.
man, would i like to see the look on his face.
you believe this?what? s velcro.
you're kidding.
who needs this?leo, let's go.
 main difference between the women's wallet and the man's wallet, is the photo section.
 true? women carry with them a photograph of every person they've ever met, every day in their whole lives, since the beginning of time.
 and every picture is out of date.
 you know what i mean? it's, here's my cousin, three years old.
 she's in the marines now.
 'this is my dog.
 he died during the johnson administration.
 you know.
 you get stopped by a cop, no licence, no registration, have you ever called someone up, and you're disappointed when they answer the phone? you wanted the machine.
 you know, and you're always kind of thrown off, well this is it.
oh, this is nice.
 thanks again for the chinese food.
oh, you're welcome.
 you know i think i ate too much of that garlic.
yeah, me too.
no, i ate the whole plate.
 i didn't know those little things were garlic.
 i thought they were peanuts.
 ve seen it.
 i laughed through that whole thing.
 you wanna watch?no, i mean, i don't think so.
i thought you liked to laugh.
 i thought you were happy go lucky.
no, no, no.
 i'm not happy, i'm not lucky, and i don't go.
 if anything i'm sad stop unlucky.
ahahahahahahahahaha.
that's not funny naomi.
ah hahahaha.
 i didn't mean to be funny there.
 why don't you check the tv guide.
 i think uh, holocaust is on.
 re going to have a great time with naomi.
 s like elmer fudd sitting on a juicer? a-anyway, i was thinking we would take two cars up to the cabin and that way if one of wanted to stay you know this thing has never worked right.
 you think i, laugh like elmer fudd sitting on a juicer?well, first of all elmer fudd is one of the most beloved internationally known cartoon characters of all time.
 i'm going to kill that cwazy wabbit hahahahahaaa come on.
 not only that, a juicer is one of the healthiest ways it makes the juice it extracts the-the pulp and-and-and the vitamins, for-for long life and-and-and vitality.
how could you leave a message like that on my machine.
?well how could you just play your message in front of anybody?because i didn't think anyone would leave it!well, i didn't think anyone would play it.
well, now she's not going away for this weekend.
what do you mean not goin'? come on, we got plans here.
 call her up.
nah, it's better anyway.
 i mean really.
 what was going to happen? i'm a comedian.
 how can i go out with a girl with a laugh like that? i mean izz-it's like ah, it's like coco chanel goin out with a fish monger.
 you know, cause she's with all the perfumes and a fish monger's pretty bad smell.
wh-well maybe you should ask elaine.
yeah but if i ask elaine, then kramer will feel slighted.
oh no no no no, don't say anything to kramer.
 susan can't stand him.
 he vomited all over her.
yeah, wait a minute do you smell smoke?hmm.
ah, kramer.
hello boys, top of the morning to ya.
 what do you say?will you put that thing out before you start another fire.
 you had to give him a box of cigars.
so, what are you guys doin this weekend?uh uh, we're uh because i'm going to be playing golf at the westchester country club.
 mmh.
westchester? isn't that a private club?oh, that's right buddy.
 it's private.
 it's very private.
 but i met the pro at the golf shop up on th st.
 -- i gave him one of these cubans and he invites me up to play a free round then he says anytime i lay one of these babies on him it's going to be the same deal.
 ha ha.
 idn't that beautiful.
and george: ye, hu, um ye,man, i'm going to be hitting the links all weekend.
 ffoooo gee, that's-that's too bad.
yeah, too bad.
why? what wa?well, cause we were just saying we were going to ask you to come up to the country with us this weekend.
 susan's father has a cabin up there.
 but, eh, all right, well.
well, what, they got any golf courses up there?no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
no, no that's ah, that's pie country.
yeahyeah, they eh, they do a lot of baking up there.
uh huh.
they sell them by the side of the road.
 blueberry, blackberry .
blackberry, boysenberry boysenberry, huckleberry huckleberry, raspberry raspberry, strawberry strawberry, cranberry peach.
i don't know.
come on.
 i don't want to tag along with george and susan.
 if you're there it'll be a better group.
what's that?ah, it's an autographed picture for my dry cleaner.
 i never know what to write on these things.
 i hate doin this.
'i'm very impressed'? ah you mean pressed caus its like a dry cleaner?yeah, see that's why i hate it.
 so, come on, you going to go?well what about the sleeping arrangements? in the cabin!well, um same bed uh huh  and uh, underwear and a tee shirt.
what about me?well you'd be naked of course.
uh, that's, excuse me, jerry seinfeld?yeah.
my name's sanger, mel sanger.
hi.
i drive that truck out there.
oh, the yoo hoo?yeah.
i love yoo hoo.
yes, it's a fine product.
 anyway i saw you on the tonight show a couple weeks ago.
 i was watching the show with my son donald.
 he's got this rare immune deficiency in his blood the damnedest thing.
 doctors say he has to live in a plastic bubble.
 can you imagine that? a bubble.
a bubble?a bubble?yes, a bubble!do you mind? may i?oh, sure.
ah, it'd break your heart seein him in there.
 it's like a prisoner.
 no friends - just his mother and me.
 and i'm out there six days a week haulin yoo hoo.
 we have sacrificed everything.
 all for the sake of our little bubble boy.
 excuse me, i ah oh right here excuse me, anyway we were watching ya on tv.
you get in the bubble with him?no.
 he can see through the bubble.
 it's plastic.
oh, i thought it was like an igloo.
no, it's clear.
ah ha.
who has the remote? he does.
the remote goes through the bubble?yeah, he's in the bubble with the remote.
so you have no control over the remote?no, it's frustrating.
mmmyeah, of course, yeah.
 so anyway, you're his favorite comedian.
 he laughed so hard the other night we had to give him an extra shot of hemoglobin.
awe that's nice!tomorrow is his birthday and it would mean so much to him if you could find it in your heart ta pay him a visit and, just say hello.
hu, well, tomorrow, i, jerry! of course he'd pay him a visit.
 you'd be happy to.
yeah, uh, ok, uh, tomorrow uh, where da ya - where do you live, uh, up town? upper west side?no, up state.
up state! hummm.
he's a bubble boy.
a bubble boy?yes.
 a bubble boy.
what's a bubble boy?he lives in a bubble.
boy!say, so what kind of a bubble? like an igloo?no, that's what i thought but apparently it's just a big piece of plastic dividing the room.
oh.
what kind of plastic do you think it is? what do you think like that dry cleaning plastic?that's no good.
 he wouldn't last ten minutes in there.
 anyway what can i do, i promised i'd go visit him tomorrow.
 it's his birthday.
 i can't go to the cabin.
well, where does he live?i don't know, up state, falls, somethin'wait a minute, this is right on the way to the cabin.
well all right, beautiful, so you stop in.
 ya, ya visit the bubble boy for twenty minutes and then we can go.
you think we can do it?oh i know exactly where this is.
 you can just follow us.
oh, great.
 ok we'll goin away.
 i think i'm excited.
 hu hu.
i'm excited.
 oh, you're going to love this cabin.
 my grandfather built it in .
 it's it's incredible.
ohh.
all right there you go.
 it's a cabin all right.
 so, we'll see you tomorrow.
ok.
well,and jerry: very nice, very nice, nice.
well, i'm off to the links.
and jerry: yeah.
listen, i want to thank you for the invite up state.
 i'm sorry i can't make it.
 the what?uh, nothing, lets get going.
 come on.
 hu hu.
did you no, no, no we'll talk about it later.
is that one of the cigars my father gave you? hey, what's with george and susan? does he actually like her?ah, i don't know if he likes her as much as he likes it.
?oh, that's nice!what's he doing? what is his hurry?well you know george.
 it's not good enough to get there.
 you gotta make good time.
i know he once went from west st street to kennedy airport in minutes.
hmhmhm look at him.
hmhmhm would you stop that please.
 would you just stop that?why? knock it off, just sit in your seat over there you're distracting me.
 we're making incredible time here.
 i once went into kennedy airport from west st street to in uh, in minutes.
 hu uh.
 oh, here hold this.
 it's uh, ten dollars for the tolls.
what's he doing? is he out of his mind? do you see him? i don't even think i see him anymore.
 where is he?isn't that blue car him?no, no that's not him.
 what happened to him? i can't believe it.
 i lost him.
 that stupid idiot.
 now what are we going to do?it's no big deal jerry.
 we'll just meet him at the bubble boy's house.
i don't even know where the bubble boy lives.
 i - i don't even remember the name of the town.
wa',you don't have the directions?no, i was following him.
how could you not take the directions?because, he's my directions.
i didn't see them george.
we make all these plans - this idiot goes a hundred miles an hour - the whole weekend's over - incredible - just like that -poor little bubble boy.
 he's sitting there waiting for you in his bubble, or igloo thing, whatever.
i don't know what to do.
 i don't know where i am.
here just get off at this exit.
 we'll figure somethin out.
we lost them.
 do you know that.
 we lost them!well it's not my fault.
 seinfeld can't drive.
 how hard is it to follow somebody?well now what are you gonna do?it's fine, we'll just meet him at the bubble boy's house.
does he have the address? ll call you back.
 thanks.
 d like to go to the cabin.
wait, wai, yeah.
 hello!, hi, aw, this is kramer.
 yeah, i'm the next door neighbor.
 aw, well you know, ah jerry's left, uh, uh, but listen, ah, see ah, my golf game got canceled.
 uh, i'm thinkin of going up myself they got pies and ah, i got the directions right here.
so then i drive all the way up to the country club and then i find out they got a tournament goin on.
 do you mind if i smoke?no.
these are cubans.
 maria, poquendo los scientos de estes con gleam.
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha haaaai don't know of this is the house.
 i don't see jerry's car anywhere.
would you stop it.
 would you quit it please.
 someone is going to see us here.
so what? you are such a prude.
hey, i am not a prude sweetheart.
 i swing with the best of them.
 okay, come on lets go in.
what?well we should at least tell them what happened.
 they might be very late if they make it at all.
i can't go in there.
 i can't face the bubble boy.
what's the matter?i-i just don't react well to these situations.
 my grandmother died two months early because of the way i reacted in the hospital.
 she was getting better.
 and then i went to pay her a visit.
 she saw my face.
 boom.
 that was the end of it.
okay, we're goin in.
 come on.
susan, wait please please come on george.
 george stop.
 george.
susan, susan would you wai, .
 t believe how a little thing like george going too fast - and my whole weekend is gone - the plans, the packing, everything.
your whole weekend? what about the bubble boy?why do you keep bringing up the bubble boy.
 you don't have to mention the bubble boy? i know about the bubble boy.
 i'm aware of the bubble boy.
 why do you keep reminding me about the bubble boy?i'll have a cup of coffee and a turkey club.
how ?bout you?um, i'll just have a glass of water.
 t just have water.
why not? that's all i want.
well this is not like a park bench where you just come in and sit down.
 it's a business.
hold it a second.
 don't ?chu play on tv?oh, no.
yes! yes.
 you saw him on tv.
what's your name?jerry seinfeld.
elaaaiinne garry seinfield! i saw you on the tonight show.
right.
 hey, wouldn't you like an autographed picture?oh, ha hauh, i don't have anymore pictures elaine.
he's lying.
 they're in the trunk now you get to sign another one.
i'm not lying.
yeah, yeah he is.
 she'll have a cup of coffee and a broiled chicken.
see it's not really a bubble.
 a lot of people think it's an igloo.
 but it's really just a plastic divider.
huh and susan: can you uh, go in the bubble?well, you have to put so many things on because of the germs.
the gloves, the mask, it's a whole production.
so then he makes his own bed?well, that's one of the things we fight about.
would you like to meet him?uh, well, you know, oh, he loves games.
 maybe you could play trivial pursuit with him.
hey ma what the hell do i got to do to get some food around here? i'm starvin'.
 and if it's peanut butter, i'm gonna shove it in your face.
 ha ha ha ha ha, ha.
 hehehe -- one picture left in the trunk.
uh, thanks! this is fun! yeah, this turned out to be a great weekend.
where's my water?oh, it's comin'.
 - here ya go.
thanks.
waddya write?'nothing's finer than being in your diner.
'hu hu hu hu hu hu hu hu hu hu hu hu hu hu hu hu hu ther - there is nothing finer than being in your diner.
'?no good?this is what you came up with?well.
that is so lame.
 jerry, people are going to be reading that for the next twenty years and laughing at you.
yeah, yeah, you're right.
 excuse me, excuse me.
 would you mind.
 i'd like to take the picture back.
whyi, i'm not happy with what i wrote.
it's good.
 i like it.
no, believe me it's not good.
 i'll mail you a new one with something really funny written on it.
well, when you mail me a new one i'll send you back this one.
no, look, you don't understand.
 i, i want the picture.
right! this is donald.
hi.
 hahahaha.
hello.
who are you? where's seinfeld?he's on his way.
 these are his friends.
what are you lookin at? never seen a kid in a bubble before?tsst 'course i have.
 come on.
 my cousin's in a bubble.
 my friend jeffrey's uh, sister, also bubble you know.
 i got a lot of bubble experience.
 come on.
what's your story?i-i-i have no story.
she works for nbc.
how bout taking your top off?donald, behave yourself.
come on.
i know.
 i know.
 why don't you play a game of trivial pursuit?ah, well, you know we gotta been running because of the ooo.
 what? are you afraid?a-hu no, uh, it's just that well i'm going to kick your ass.
look, i was nice enough to give you the picture.
 i don't like what i wrote.
 i don't want it up there.
 now please just give it back to me.
you are really startin to get under my skin.
i want that picture.
well, you can't have it! in fact maybe you better just pay your check and get out.
i'm not paying for anything until i get that back.
well, you ain't getting it back.
well, maybe i'll just take it back.
this chicken is really good.
ok, history this is for the game.
 how ya doin over there? not too good!all right bubble boy.
 let's just play who invaded spain in the th century?that's a joke.
 the moors.
oh, noooo, i'm so sorry.
 it's the moops.
 the correct answer is, the moops.
moops? let me see that.
 that's not moops you jerk, it's moors.
 it's a misprint.
i'm sorry the card says moops.
it doesn't matter.
 it's moors.
 there's no, moops.
it's moops.
moors.
moops,moors!hey! anybody home? oh boy.
what should we do?ah, hold these pies.
okay.
help, someone.
 there's no moops.
 you idiot.
stop it.
 let go of him!donald, stop it! now, let go of him donald.
 donald!i'm going to kill him.
you're choking me.
donald, donald moors.
 say moors!moops, moopsdonald, no.
 donald, stop it what are you doing? you're choking me.
 elaine!are you going to pay for that?no, i want the picture back.
what? the bubble boy? he lives around here?naomi, come on let's get goin'.
but that lake must be freezing.
nah, it's good for ya'.
 retards the aging process.
ready to go swimming?let's go .
 ok.
 gotcha.
ahaaaaaahaheyawaaajerry! what happened to you?what happened to you? you were going like a hundred miles an hour.
oh i was not.
 the bubble boy was tried to kill me.
what?yeah, susan tell him.
it's a long story.
yeah.
hey seinfeld!hey, happy birthday.
hi.
thanks for showing up.
 you know your friend here tried to kill me.
oh, you lying little snot.
 and he's a cheater.
 aren't ya you little twerp?moorsmoopsmoorsmoopsmoorsmoopsgo, go, get out, fire engines?what? must be a big one.
do you smell something?yeah,smoke.
yeah, definite smoke.
arghhh, look it's a fire! holy cow! look at that!it's my father's cabin!the cabin is on fire! never gave me back the change from the tolls.
how could this have happened? s a big, wild, funky mountain man oh, my god, the cabin?what are you two doin here?look at that.
you didn't my cubans! she hasn't told her father yet?no.
 we're supposed to tell him tonight.
'we're'? what do you mean, we're'?susan wants me to be there.
you're meetin the father for the first time? yeah.
 ll make quite an impression on him when you tell him how you burned his cabin down.
i didn't burn it down - kramer did! here the guy is nice enough to give you a box of very fine cuban cigars yeah, i know what happened.
no, but wait, wait: and then you dump them off onto kramer  i know.
 s very comical listen, maybe we shouldn't start writing today.
 i got a lot on my mind.
 s the day.
 s the worst he could do? so you burn a cabin down  s, like, a cabin.
we could build a cabin like that.
 well, maybe not us, but two men could.
 ja get, bics?what, you got a problem with the pen now?well, i like a rolling writer.
 they're very smooth.
alright, let's just get to work.
 nbc pilot, seinfeld project.
 act i, scene a.
 re gonna sit there? alright.
 act i, scene a.
 drink?no, no thank you.
 alright, here we go.
act i, scene a weren't you supposed to call elaine? re on for later?yeah, i'll come by after work.
 hey, i got a rubber pencil thing happenin here sandra! sandra? hi, can you come here for a second?okay, let's go.
 alright, here we go.
 you got it?yeah.
here we go.
okay, how about this: i'm in my apartment, you come in.
 s beautiful.
 now, what do i say?could you do me a favor? um, when my friends call, could you not talk to them for too long?why? did jerry say something?no, no.
he must have said something.
oh, no, he didn't say anything.
  t laugh!alright, let's go.
here we go.
hey.
yeah, kramer, we're, uh, kind of in the middle of something here.
 we're trying to do a little work yeah, come on.
 s with you? no more golf.
why?well, you remember i told you about the pro, you know, at the westchester country club, who's letting me play a round every time i give him a couple of those cuban cigars?yeah.
 s father for more, huh?what are you, crazy? i can't ask the guy for more cigars after you burned down his cabin!why? what's one thing got to do with another?kramer, please.
well, i can't go back to the public courses, now.
 i can't! i won't.
 i mean, you know what that's like? it's crowded, the grass has big brown patches in it, they don't rake the sand traps! not to mention the caliber of people you have to play with!kramer, i can't help you.
 you're gonna have to get them some place else.
  you know what? maybe i should take off.
what?!well, you know, i gotta go to, uh, susan's parent's house for dinner and, you know, i want to shower first and i want to leave myself plenty of time.
 you got four hours! what about the script?i think we got a bite on it.
  t george look like your sister, sarah? a slight resemblance.
 s a podiatrist, you know.
ohh, i have tremendous respect for people who work with feet.
 i mean, to dedicate yourself to the foot - you're toiling in virtual anonymity.
 i mean how are you enjoying those cigars i gave you?oh, uh, the cigars m puffing my brains out, yeah.
you know those cigars are made special for castro? what? s doing johnny carson, daddy.
i didn't care much for his jokes.
 daddy never laughs.
oh, well, so what? laughter - what is that? i mean, what is the point of opening your mouth and going ha, ha!'? what is that? ha, ha!'?you know, you can't get those cigars anywhere.
you and your cigars  wear some more lipstick.
daddy, there's, um, there's something that we have to talk to you about oh, i forgot to ask you - how'd you like the cabin? right after we get off the phone, then you go and tell her that?! well, of course she knows it was me who complained! now i'm responsible for this woman's quitting.
 oh, this is unbelievable! s all my fault.
 would you call her? how could you do this? i was just trying to help you.
 now i gotta have a drink with her.
the cabin susan?uhh about the cabin  s often been a sanctuary for me.
 s fortress of solitude.
what?s, uh, superman - he, uh, built the fortress of solitude up at the north pole, to, uh, you know, sort of get away from it all when i go, i'm passing it on to her.
  ll take a hotel any day.
daddy yes?daddy, about the cabin   what about it?well, the thing is what? what is it?well, the - the cabin, is, kind of, uh george? burned.
burned?there was a fire, and it uh burned.
 the cabin burned? yeah, burned.
 whoo  was anything found? was it all burned to the ground?! did they find anything? no.
 nothing.
 nothing! ha, ha, ha.
eh, but, you know, mr.
 ross, if - if you look at the whole situating, what with it being your cigars, and everything, it's really rather ironic - one might even say, in a sense, comical really.
 think about it.
 t believe you said that!what?! how could you say something like that to me?!what? what?! you were the one who was talking dirty.
 i was just trying to keep up!that was a weird thing to say.
why? it didn't mean anything.
 i was just trying to join in so you wouldn't feel embarrassed.
ohh, i think you're really sick.
 you - you said much sicker things than me.
i'm leaving.
 i really think you're making too much of this.
 let me walk you to a cab.
 s ok.
i mean, the main thing is that this is just between us, and that'll be the end of it.
oh, really?  t.
so, we're uhh, drinkin and talkin', and uhh, so, she starts rubbing my leg.
wo-hoah! what did you do? have you ever told a woman to stop touching your leg?yeah, right.
i mean, i know it's the wrong thing to do.
 she works in elaine's office.
 i know it's wrong - but i can't get that hand off my leg.
 i mean, i'm looking at the hand, and i'm thinking, that hand should not be on my leg.
 but i can't make my brain to get my mouth to say the words, would you mind?!'yeah, woman have no problem getting the hand off.
 how do they do that?i don't know, they're working on a whole other level alright, so, go ahead.
so we go back to my apartment  woah.
 whoa! woah!so, we're, uh, foolin around there you know, it's getting a little passionate and, uh, she starts with the dirty talking.
 what did she say? oh, you know, the usual no, i don't know.
 how do i know the usual?typical things.
 what typical? gimme typical.
 gimme some typical.
she says, uh  s absolutely filthy.
 and then she starts talking about her panties.
 gonna need some water here!so i said something.
ok, what did you say? now, bear in mind, i am just trying to keep up.
of course.
okay? so, she's taking about her panties, so, uh so, i said, you mean the panties your mother laid out for you?' what does that mean? t know! it just popped out.
well, how did she react?she flipped out! just left.
well, that's not offensive.
 s not offensive.
look, the main thing is i don't want elaine to know about any of this.
 i mean, especially the panty remark.
 i mean, it's embarrassing.
 and she's never let me hear the end of it.
she will tell her.
 she's going back to work.
 i talked her into it - how stupid was that? s father took that news pretty hard, huh?yeah, yeah.
 he went into the bedroom and started sobbing.
i guess he failed to see the humor in it.
huh.
 s go, go.
 we got a lot of work to do today.
 alright, big work day.
that's right.
okay.
let's go.
here we are.
right now.
let's do it.
you and me.
okay.
alright.
what'dya got? now we need something here oh, hey.
don't be silly.
come in, we're taking a break.
 oh, yeah?yeah!uh, george, did you talk to that guy about getting me some more cigars? m not gonna do that.
 buenos dias.
buenos dias.
uh, habla ingles?si.
giddy-up.
 ok, uh, um.
 i need to talk to someone.
what is this about?uh, well, it's a very private matter, but it's extremely urgent.
are you an american?oh, yeah.
i see excuse me.
 okay.
 yeah?it's elaine.
c'mon up.
  alright, you know what we should do? we should go to the movies.
 get away from this script for a while  yeah, we should.
alright, i just have to go over to the ross apartment and drop off susan's sunglasses.
 you'll come with me?yeah.
 wha - what, does she live with them?no, no, no, no.
oh.
hey, nice going, jerome seinfeld!what?i just got a message from sandra, she's coming back to work.
well, then, you've just got to fire her! don't even think about it - there's no two ways about it.
why? what happened? did you talk?talk? did i talk? it - you're darn right i talk to her! we talked up a storm - and i concluded from the basis of these talks that this isn't anybody you should be talking to.
really?yes.
really? you really think i should fire her?oh yeah.
 yeah, in fact, if george and i weren't so busy here working on the script, i'd do it myself.
 expira te afuera.
 buenos dias.
what is your name, senor?uh, kramer.
so, senor kramer, what is this about? cigars.
 cigars? cigars.
what about cigars?uh, see here, i i saved one of the cigar rings ohh you mean - one of these  d like to buy a couple of boxes of those from you, yeah? you do realize, of course, these are illegal in your country.
um, wha - oh, illegal, huh?i like that jacket hi!hi, how are ya? hey, jerry.
hi.
i thought you two guys were working today.
ah, just - takin a little break.
 ok, thanks.
 come on in for a second.
 s home from college for the weekend.
ohh, hey there, young fella.
 s your major? t have one.
well, you should always consider podiatry.
  and this is my aunt, sara.
 t look like me.
sara, what do you have on your wheels?nothing, they're clean.
ricky, did you wipe her wheels off? yes.
 when you come in the house you wipe your wheels.
excuse me.
 hello, raymond.
ah, yes, the man from the insurance company dropped this off this morning.
 he said it was the only thing left from the remains of the fire.
 here.
oh, sure.
 from from john cheever.
oh, wow.
 well, we we, we, ah  yeah we really should be, uh, heading out yeah.
 look at the time.
you know, the time the box! who told you to open this?! s john?! i knew it!i want to know who john is!john cheever?! dad, you and john cheever?! well, we really should be-yeah.
uh, heading out.
 jerry really hates to miss the coming attractions.
yeah, and, time.
yeah, time is what he's indicating there  ll see ya.
uh, anyway, onward and upward.
alright, here we go.
alright, let's go.
come on now.
right now.
here we go.
you and me.
you got it.
no foolin'ok, so, what'dya got? .
alright, so, we need something yeah how about this: i say how's it goin'?''how's it going? - beautiful.
 alright, did you get that line? did you write it down?i'm writin it.
 how's it going?'okay real good!what?!do you know how much money you cost me today?! dollars!what?! how?i got sandra transferred to another office upstairs, okay?! so, she blabs to lippman about my long distance calls to europe!what calls?!uh! i made a friend when i was in europe, okay?! and we've been in touch, and sandra told lippman!oh, did - did she say anything else to you? ?so she just left the office - didn't say a word to you about anything?yeah! beautiful.
why is that beautiful?oh, no, not beautiful.
it's four hundred and twenty nine dollars!hey, look, i'm going to pay for that.
no, no.
 no, i insist.
 i was the one who encouraged you to fire her - the whole thing was all my- okay.
 do you smell smoke?oh, hey! hey, jer, i want you to meet my new friends, here.
 this is, uh, louis, jorge, and umberto.
oh, how you doing? nice to meet you.
yeah, we're heading up to westchester - gonna hit the links.
oh.
 t that, uh, your  vamanos, muchachos! hey, what are you reading?oh, uh, the falconer by john cheever.
 it's really excellent.
 john cheever, you ever read any of his stuff?uh, yeah, i'm familiar with some of his writing.
 look, we gotta get back to work.
 we just had a big breakthrough here.
 ll leave you two alone.
 okay.
  t get it off, you know how much i hate that? course you do, you put it there.
 i know what you said about me seinfeld.
 i know you badmouthed me to the execs at nbc, put the kibosh on my deal.
 now i?m gonna put the kibosh on you.
 you know i?ve kiboshed before, and i will kibosh again.
so, what do you think?about what?about the opera.
nah, i don't wanna go.
you gotta go.
i-i-i don't like the opera.
 what are they singing for? who sings? you got something to say, say it!jerry, you don't understand, that?s the way they talk in italy, they sing to one another.
 kramer starts to sing in bad italian.
all right, all right.
that?s the way it was, you know.
 you listen to the language, its got that sing songy quality.
 it?s the language jerry, the languageso why don't they talk like that now?well its, uh, well its too hard to keep up, you know, they were tired.
better get thatyeah? it?s me!come on up.
so, huh?i don't knowoh come on jerry, its opening night, black tie, pagliacci! the great clown, the great sad tragic clown, like you.
well it?s very flattering.
 how did you get these tickets, i heard they're impossible to get.
oh, well i have many associates.
i don't know, opera, it?s not my kind of thing.
all right, you not gonna go i?m not gonna go, i?m gonna call the whole thing off.
no, wait a minute, wait a minute, that?s not fair, what about george, susan and elaine, what do you need me for?you're the nucleus, the straw that stirs the drink.
 you're the miana!well i guess if i?m the miana i should go.
 all right, all right.
hi!hi!hey! hi elaine!you got the tickets right?well no, i don't have them on me.
what? that?s why i came all the way over here.
my friends got em, i?m going to pick them up tomorrow.
oh, i was gonna surprise joey with them, you got an extra one right?oh yeah!so i finally get to meet your pal joey.
its killing you isn?t it?yeah, so joey?s a great lover of the operalisten, i got news for ya, its nice to be involved with somebody who?s interested in something other than nick at night.
 now he?s got a grip on reality, he's happy, he's well adjusted.
well i?m looking forward to meeting him.
i've got to gowhere are you going, what?s the rush?i'm going to surprise joey, i?ve never been to his apartment so i?m just going to pop in'oh, good, men love that!hey!you've got a message buddy.
ooo, could be from that blondeoo yiggity diggigg  s out of his mind .
steady, steady, now calm yourself, come on, now get a hold of yourself,what the hell he's supposed to be on medication i don't understand he told me he's getting medication what happened to his medication!?ok quiet! quiet! now let me think!i'm gonna call the cops.
 that?s what i?m doing, i?m calling the cops.
the cops? what are you calling the cops for? they?re not going to do anything!what do you mean they're not going to do anything, they're the cops, they gotta do something, he just put the kibosh on me, do you know what the kibosh means, its a kibosh!yiddigtkk ka kibosh.
i mean it's a terrible mistake, i mean he thinks i ruined some deal of his at nbc, i don't know anything about any deal at nbc.
call him and tell himthat?s what i?ll do, i?ll just call him and tell him, i?ll tell him.
 that?s all i?ll do.
 he's a human being, i?ll talk to him.
 he'll understand.
 right?right .
 don't mention my nameoh, i got the machine.
what?s his message like?nice!eh! hello joe, listen this is jerry seinfeld, i really think there?s been a huge colossal misunderstanding,big! big!and i feel if we can just talk about this we can straighten the whole thing out, so listen, so call me back.
 bye.
joey? joey?oh god, oh, its you! you scared me!good.
 fear is our most primal emotion.
you left your door open.
i know, i like to encourage intruders.
 what?s all this?do you like it? my home is a shrine to you.
where did you get all these pictures?i took them myself with a telephoto lens.
 coming out of your office, your apartment, shopping, showering.
showering?i developed them myself in my dark room.
 would you like to see?in the dark room? uh no, no thank you.
 not right now.
 i'm a day person! are you all right?whywell i don't know, you just don't seem yourself?who am i? who am i supposed to be?that?s a good question, good question, its very exerstential! who are you? who am i? yeah, well.
what are you doing here?oh, nothing, i just stopped by to chat, you know, shoot the breeze.
were you able to get those opera tickets to pagliacci from that friend of yours? i'm really looking forward to it.
oh, no, he couldn't get them.
 we're not going.
really?oh, dammit, you know i just remembered i gotta go, i left something on, the gas, the lights, the water in the tub.
 something is on somewhere so i?m just gonna get the uh you know the story of pagliacci, nedda?uh i?m elaine!he's a clown whose wife is unfaithful to him.
oh.
do you think i?m a clown, nedda?do i think you're a clown? no, not if it?s bad to be a clown, if it?s bad to be a clown then you are definitely not a clown.
 but if its good to be a clown then, you know, i would have to rethink the whole thing.
you've betrayed me with another, haven't you, nedda? who is he.
 i want you to tell me who he is.
 i want his name.
 tell me his name.
oh, like any man would ever look at me, come on, i?m gonna get out of here.
pagliacci kills his wife.
se, now that?s terrible, that is not a nice thing to do at all, i don?t know how this paliachi thing turns out but you know i would assume that there is big big trouble for that clownyou're not leaving d investigate.
 so what?s the difference, i?m a comedian of the united states, and i?ll tell you i?m under just as much pressure.
 alright, thanks anyway, ok bye.
 who is it?it's george.
what, are you locking the door now?well, well, look at you.
 it?s a little skimpy there isn't it?do you know the last time i wore this thing? six years ago, when i made that toast at bobby leighton's wedding.
ooo, that was a bad toast.
it wasn't that bad.
i never heard anybody curse in a toast.
i was trying to loosen em up a little bit.
there were old people there, all the relatives.
 you were like a red fox record.
 i mean, at the end of the toast nobody even drank.
 they were just standing there, they were just frozen! that might have been one of the worst all time toasts.
alright, still her father didn't have to throw me out like that, he could have just asked me to leave.
 the guy had me in a headlock! susan's not going tonight you know.
what do you mean not going? why not?i don't know, she said she had to pick up a friend of hers at the airport.
 it cost me a hundred dollars this ticket.
why doesn't she pay for hers?that's a very good question.
 you know she and i go out for dinner, she doesn't even reach for the check.
 that?s all i?m asking for is a reach.
 is that so much to ask for?it's nice to get a reach.
who is it?it's me!what, are you locking the door now?because of divola! get in here how come you're not dressed?i am dressed.
you're going like this?yeah.
 hey i want you to hear something.
i thought you said people dress up when they go to the opera!people do, i don't.
well what about me! if you're going like that, i?m not going like this.
wait a minute, wait a minute, do you think i?m comfortable here.
 i can't change, i?ve got no clothes here! you've got to go like that, i can?t go like this alone!why should i be uncomfortable just because my apartment is closer to town hall than yours?that?s not the issue, we're friends, if i?ve got to be uncomfortable, you've got to be uncomfortable too!all right, all right, i?ll wear this.
 it's bad enough i?ve got to go to the opera i?ve got to sit next to ozzie nelson over here.
would you turn that down! what is that crap!it's pagliacci!oh beautiful.
 listen, we've got a little problem here, we've got two extra tickets.
why? what happened?well susan isn't going and elaine just left me a message her friend isn't going either.
that?s fantastic! we'll scalp the tickets, we'll make maybe five hundred a ticket.
what? really?yeah.
people are looking for tickets here?what, are you kidding? opening night pavarotti and pagliacci.
 ha, we're gonna clean up!oh man! i knew i was gonna love the opera.
oh yeah right.
ok come on, let?s go get the tickets.
all right, all right.
all right, you guys listen, i've got to wait here for elaine, i'll meet you in front of the theatre.
oh, wait, isn't scalping illegal?oh yeah!you sprayed him in the eyes with binaca?cherry binaca, it?s new.
see, i don't get that.
 first they come out with the regular, then a year later they come out with the cherry.
 they know that we like the cherry, start with cherry! then come out with the regular!it's like i didn't even know him.
 he's like a totally different person.
well you should hear the message from my nut.
 where's george and kramer, i want to get inside already, i don't like standing out here, i feel very vulnerable.
hey, hey, what are you doing, that?s my quarter.
i was just flipping it, it's mine.
all right, do you want the quarter, take the quarter, but don't try and tell me it's yours.
what, do you think i care about the money? is that what you think? you want me to show you what i care about money? here look, here look at this, here's a dollar here look, there, that?s how much i care about money.
oh yeah, well why don?t you just get lost.
because i was standing here, that?s why.
yeah!i kinda like this opera crowd, i feel tough anybody else got a problem?i got two, i got two huh, paliachi, who needs two, pagliacci, come on, the great tragic clown, come on, check it out, he laughs, he cries, he sings, pagliacci.
 hey, i got two beauties right here, check it out all right.
oh yeah, i?m selling.
orchestra, row g, dead center, primo! you'll think you died and went to heaven.
all right, i?ll tell you what i?ll do.
 cause you look like a nice guy, a thousand dollars for the duce.
ok, it's a deal!pzzzt.
 no.
no? are you crazy?look, let me handle this.
five hundred dollars, that?s a great deal!you're blowing this, the guys a pigeon.
did you see that? the guy's walking away.
 what is wrong with you? that was a three hundred dollar profit.
look, i know what i?m doing here george.
this is not a metallica concert, it?s an opera alright, a little dignity, a little class, just give me my ticket, i will stand over here and sell it.
oh, yeah.
thank you very much.
 you just stand over there, i?ll stand over here.
i know where i?m standing.
alright.
hey! get your paliachi!where are they already?i guarantee they don't sell either one of those tickets.
hey, look, there's bobby eighteen?s father-in-law, mr reichman.
 george and i were just talking about that today, i can?t believe it! that?s the guy who threw george out of the wedding.
oh, yeah, when george made that bad toast!do you remember the curse toast?oh yeah, the curse toast.
so, can you believe that message? now i?ve got to spend the rest of my life looking over my shoulder.
me toocrazy joe divolahow do you know his name?what do you mean? why wouldn't i know his name?i never told you his name.
i never told you his name.
wait a second, who are we talking about here?joe divola.
right, joe divolahow do you know his name?i've been out with him three times, i should know the mans name.
oh my god, its joe divolais he stalking you? are you kidding me?that madman is trying to kill me.
oh, jerry, why didn't you tell me his name! oh my god, he accused me of seeing someone else, he said tell me his name, he said tell me his name!!oh! he said that! can you imagine what he'll do if he sees me with you! he'll think i?m the one who ruined his deal at nbc and took away his girl, he'll put a kibosh on me!oooohh, what about me!excuse meaaahhhhh!!but this is pavarotti!you know steven holstman did a production at tunis last yeas and from what i understand, the moslems really took to it.
all right, i?ll tell you what, you seem like a nice guy, let?s stop jerking around.
 give me two hundred and fifty dollars, i?ve got people waiting for me, i've got to get the hell out of here.
scalping! i told them to put out extra security excuse me.
hey pop, would you buzz off, i've got something cooking.
costanza!?mr reichman?you've still got a mouth like a surd give me those tickets.
harold, no, harold, harold be careful of you're hair transplant!anything is welcome, i accept change.
i don't have anything, i gave it to that guy.
you know, you could just say no, you don't have to humiliate me.
 i may be dressed as a clown but i am a person.
i'm telling you, the guy took and i don't need people like you looking down their noses at me.
 i am just a street performer out here trying to make enough to get by.
doctor! doctor! is there a doctor anywhere!what, are you showing off to your girlfriend here, is that it?i'm not his girlfriend.
 we dated for a while, but things didn't really work out.
you people make me sick.
that is one angry clown!the hardest part about being a clown, it seems to me, would be that you're constantly referred to as a clown.
 who was that clown?', i'm not working with that clown, did you hire that clown?', the guy's a clown!'.
 how do you even start into being a clown, how do you know that you want to be a clown, i guess you get to a point where you're pants look so bad, it's actually easier to become a clown than having the proper alterations done.
 because if you think about it, a clown, if there isn't a circus around them, is really just a very annoying person.
 you're in the back seat of this guys volkswagen, what, you're picking somebody else up? oh man!' ll hit - on with the show this is it!you know, it is so sad, all your knowledge of high culture comes from bugs bunny cartoons.
oh there's that clown again, what does he want from me.
 look i?m serious, i?m not kidding, i don't have the quarter, that guy took it.
i don't want any money.
i smell cherry.
it's binaca.
binaca?what did we say? two seventy-five?two fifty? are you sureall right, all right, two fifty.
george!s-susani can't believe it, i?m so glad i caught you.
what are you doing here, i though you were going to the airport.
oh, there was some problem with the plane, they landed in philadelphia.
so what, they don?t have another plane? she couldn't take a bus?she's coming in tomorrow.
 i made it!yeah you made it, how about that.
oh, i?m so excited, now we get to see the opera together.
we get to go to the opera together!who's that?that?s-that?s-harry fong, he's a very good friend of mine and he's a big opera buff.
 enjoy the show there harry! you know what.
come on, you gotta let us innot without tickets.
we have tickets, we just don't have em with us.
well that?s a problem.
 excuse me.
you don't understand, someone's after us, a crazy clown is trying to kill us.
a crazy clown is after you? oh that?s rich.
 now clear the entrance so people with tickets can get through.
we're with him, we're with him.
are you guys ready?yeah, yeah!!have you seen george?we thought he was with you.
come on, he's on his own, come on!these are great seats huh?yeahyeahboy, some cast, huh? pavarotti, aver martone.
aver martone.
 i've heard of her, who's she playing?she's playing, pagliacci?s wife, nedda.
nedda?yeah.
oh my god susan! what are you doing here?my friend's flight couldn?t make it.
where's george?he decided not to come.
 he said he was uncomfortable.
uncomfortable? how does you think i feel? hey let me ask you something, how much did you pay for that ticket?kramer, who'd you sell your ticket to?some nut in a clown suit!i had some friends drag me to an opera recently, you know how they've got those little opera glasses, you know, do you really need binoculars, i mean how big do these people have to get before you can spot em.
 these opera kids they're going two-fifty, two-eighty, three-twenty-five, they're wearing big white woolly vests, the women have like the breastplates, the bullet hats with the horn coming out.
 if you can't pick these people out, forget opera, think about optometry, maybe that?s more you're thing.
we're dead.
we're not dead.
we are dead.
come on.
 we got all day tomorrow to come up with a story.
all day tomorrow? we had a month and a half to come up with something and we didn't do anything.
so we'll do it tomorrow.
let me ask you something.
 when's the last time you went skiing?about six years ago.
i think you can take the lift ticket off your jacket now.
women like skiers.
so what? you can't meet anybody.
 you're going on with susan.
yeah.
 right.
hey, see those two women over there? i almost dated the one on the right.
 she's in the closet business.
the closet business? what's the closet business?what is it your business?i'm interested.
she reorganizes your closet and shows you how to maximize your closet space.
 she looked into my closet.
so you thought she was good looking and figured this would be a good way to meet her.
yeah.
yeah.
 so what happened?so, she mentioned she had a boyfriend and then it hit me.
 what do i need more closet space for? hi, marla.
 jerry.
george, marla.
marla.
george.
 jerry, stacey.
stacey.
jerry.
george, stacey.
stacey.
george.
george.
jerry.
 marla.
 so, how was your trip to berlin?trip to berlin?remember? that's why you put off doing the closets.
 you said you were going to berlin for a while.
oh, right, right.
the wall had just come down, and you told me you wanted to be part of the celebration.
yes, yes, i did.
 but, you know, i was watching it on cnn, and they covered it so well i thought, why knock my brains out?'you, know my boyfriend went.
really?yes, i told him all about you going and he got all excited and decided to go.
oh, did he like it?i don't know.
 he never came back.
 anyway, we met with nbc about a month ago and they gave us the green light to go ahead and write a pilot.
 in fact, we got a big meeting with them tomorrow.
 they gotta approve of the story before we can write.
wow, what a great job.
 a writer.
not a bad way to make a buck.
sounds great.
well, i'll tell you, stacey.
 it's a lot of hard work.
 but, it comes fairly easy to me.
 some people write symphonies.
 this is my gift.
 so, are you gonna go out with her?i might.
what about susan?what? i'm not married.
 i'm not allowed to go out with somebody else?depends.
depends on what?on many factors.
like what?well, how long you've been seeing her.
 what's your phone call frequency? are you on a daily?no.
 semi-daily.
 four or five times a week.
what about saturday nights? do you have to ask her out, or is a date implied?implied.
she got anything in your medicine cabinet?there might be some moisturizer.
ah hah.
 let me ask you this.
 is there any tampax in your house? yeah.
well, i'll tell you what you've got here.
what?you got yourself a girlfriend.
ah, no, no.
 are you sure? a girlfriend?i'm looking at a guy in a semi-daily with tampax in his house and an implied date on saturday night.
 i would like to help you out, but would you believe my luck? the first time in my life i have a good answer to the question, what do you do? and i have a girlfriend.
 i mean, you don't need a girlfriend when you can answer that question.
 that's what you say in order to get girlfriends.
 once you can get a girlfriend, you don't want a girlfriend, you just want more girlfriends.
you're going to make a good father someday.
well it's not fair, jerry.
 it's just not fair.
 all right, all right.
 that's it.
 i'm getting out of this thing.
fine.
 break up with her.
 but you know what this means?no, what?the script, the pilot, the tv show.
 that's all over.
why? what do you mean?figure it out.
 she's one of the executives at nbc that's gonna make the decision whether or not they pick up the show.
 she's one of our biggest fans.
 you drop her off, you think they're gonna pick us up?oh, right.
 oh no, man.
you know, it's a very interesting situation.
 here you have a job that can get you girls.
 but, you also have a relationship.
 but if you try and get rid of the relationship so you can get the girls, you lose the job.
 you see the irony?yeah, yeah.
 i see the irony.
 all right.
 what about this? what if i can find some way to break up with her so that she'll still like me and it doesn't affect the deal.
 oh, yeah.
wait, wait.
 here me out.
 don't dismiss this.
 you're very quick to dismiss.
 don't dismiss.
 she's got a big crush on david letterman, i mean, a big crush.
 she talks about him all the time.
 suppose i go up to david letterman.
 he works at nbc; i work at nbc.
 i explain my situation.
 he agrees to meet her.
 they go out, they fall madly in love.
 and she dumps me for david letterman.
this is your plan?no, no.
 i'm just thinking.
i don't think you are.
let me tell you what i think.
please, and be brutal.
 i have no closet sensitivity.
are you very fussy about your pants?i don't think i am.
because i have a very radical idea.
 can you handle it?try me.
here's what i'm proposing.
 we eliminate all this.
 the hangers, the bar, the shelves.
 and in its place install a series of hooks.
 we'll put everything on hooks.
everything?everything.
 the shirts, pants, sport jackets, pajamas.
 we could get eighty hooks on here.
you're quite mad, you know.
 hey?hey.
what are you doing?i'm watching the bold and the beautiful.
no.
what?this is not a good time.
five minutes.
 what?what did you have to give your tv away to george for?because i've been watching too much.
 it was an addiction.
 i couldn't stop.
 it was, it was destroying my brain cells.
yeah, but now you're in here all the time.
 well, wow.
marla, kramer.
hey.
why don't you go out? it's nice out.
oh, no.
 there's nothing out there for me.
there's weather.
weather? i don't need weather.
 weather doesn't do it for me.
i'm tellin george to give you your tv back.
no, no, i don't want it back.
 are you gonna watch the knick game tonight?i don't know.
will you tape it?kramer yeah.
 so your boyfriend never came back from berlin.
never came back.
oh, you must have been devastated being left for a wall.
it was about to end anyway.
 there was this problem.
ah hah.
 excuse me one second.
 yeah?it's me.
come on up.
 oh, it's elaine, she's just a friend of mine.
 i don't know what she's doing here now.
 m sorry.
 what?i didn't get it.
ugh.
 so you were saying there was this problem.
well, he wanted me to move in with him.
snapple?no thanks.
go on.
well i wouldn't move in because yes.
well because yeah.
well because i'm a virgin.
 hello!hi, um.
 marla, elaine.
i'm sorry, i didn't know you had company.
 i just wanted to return your tape.
oh, thanks a lot, two weeks late.
 now that costs me thirty-five dollars to see havana.
i'm sorry, i really am.
 i just kept forgetting.
i should be going.
no, no, i'm leaving.
i like that thing in your hair there.
oh yeah? this woman was selling them at this crazy party i was at last night.
 you'll appreciate this.
 snapple?no thanks.
i was talking to this guy, you know, and i just happened to throw my purse on the sofa.
 and my diaphragm goes flying out.
 so i just froze, you know, ahh! staring at my diaphragm.
 you know, it's just lying there.
 so then, this woman, the one who sold me this hair thing, she grabbed it before the guy noticed, so.
 i mean, big deal, right? so i carry around my diaphragm, who doesn't? yeah, like it's a big, big secret that women carry around their diaphragms.
 you never know when you're gonna need it, right? ahh.
i should be going.
so we'll talk about the hooks then?yes.
 what? was it something i said?she's a virgin, she just told me.
well i didn't know.
well it's not like spotting a toupee.
well you think i should say something? should i say something? should i apologize? was i being anti-virgin?no, no, i mean 'cause i'm not anti-virgin.
 i'll be right back.
 elaine, elaine yeah?it's george.
she's a virgin?a virgin.
wow.
 so what're you gonna do?i don't know.
 i'm very attracted to her.
 that accent, it's so sexy.
i don't think i could do it.
 you know, they always remember the first time.
 i don't want to be remembered.
 i wanna be forgotten.
you need a little pioneer spirit.
 you know, you don't have any of that lewis and clark in you.
you know, sometimes those guys don't make it back.
 m really hungry.
yeah, me too.
we gotta get something.
 i don't want to go to that meeting on an empty stomach.
 let's get some chinese.
 you wanna order it?all right, but then we gotta get some work done.
 let me just call kramer, see if want anything.
 ll order for you.
i'm in.
 let's go for it.
what do you want?i don't care, whatever.
i'll tell you what.
 why don't we just get a couple of dishes and we'll just share em.
okay.
 what are you getting?i'm gonna get a chow fung.
what's a chow fung?it's a broad noodle.
what do you mean, a broad noodle?it's a big flat noodle.
well i don't want a big flat noodle.
what kind of noodle do you want?who says i want a noodle?all right, look.
 i'm getting the chow fung.
 you don't have to have any.
all right.
 i'll get pea pods and you can't have any of my pea pods.
fine.
get extra msg.
look, marla.
 this whole sex thing is totally overrated.
 now, here's the one thing you've gotta be ready for is how the man changes into a completely different person five seconds after it's over.
 i mean, something happens to their personality it's really quite astounding.
 it's like they committed a crime and they want to flee the scene before the police get there.
so they just leave?yeah, pretty much, yeah.
 well, the smart ones start working on their getaway stories during dinner.
 how, you know, they gotta get up early tomorrow.
 what is about being up early? they all turn into farmers suddenly.
wow.
 it must be pretty good to put up with all that.
eh.
all right, let's go.
 we don't have much time before the meeting.
where's the food? what happened to ping?don't worry, he'll be here.
 look, we only got about two hours.
 we just need to come up with one good story so we can get through this meeting.
 s your food.
hey, what about this? i'm in a car accident.
 the motorist is uninsured, you with me?yeah.
my car's totaled.
 it's all his fault and now, he has absolutely no money.
 there is no way that he can pay me.
 so the judge decrees that he becomes my butler.
your butler?right.
 he cooks my food, he cleans my house, he does all my shopping for me.
 and there you go, that's your program.
what about me?don't worry, we'll find something for you.
  ping, what happened?there was a bit of an accident.
head hurts.
 head really hurts.
what happened?marla and i went out for coffee and afterwards i was crossing the street and he was biking right towards me.
 so i got out of the way just in time, but then he ran into a parked car.
 he hit his head and everything went flying.
something happened to the food?i only saved one bag.
should i call an ambulance? do you wanna see a doctor?i'll get some ice.
 hey, you got the food?yeah, here.
what took you so long? hey, ping!kramer.
 yeah.
 where's yours?he dropped it.
oh, that's too bad.
you should slow down, you know that? it's dangerous to go that fast.
no, no.
 i have green light.
 you jaywalked.
 oprah? i did not jaywalk.
 him back that tv.
 yes, you jaywalked.
 t want it back.
 jaywalker.
 i could slap suit on you.
 we got work to do.
 what about the meeting? hey, look.
 an hour with patrick swayze.
a month and a half we had.
 we did nothing.
 i can't believe we put it off until today and then we couldn't do anything because elaine runs out to apologize to a virgin, crosses against a light, and knocks over a chinese delivery boy.
 now we're gonna make fools of ourselves, we got nothing.
 you're not even in show business.
 i gotta reputation.
 you drag me into the sewer with you.
 i've been on tv buddy boy.
 you know how fast word spreads in show business? it's like that re outta the business!all right, let's postpone it.
 let's get out of here.
what do you mean? they know we're here.
i'll fake an illness.
 t believe, my back.
no, no, would you get up?i can do this, jerry.
no.
all right, i'll tell them my sister died.
 in.
 they shoot you for laughing.
 i must go and comfort my poor family.
 jerry, take me home so i can comfort my my poor family.
what?that's david letterman.
 i just saw david letterman walk by.
 i'll be right back.
 mr.
 seinfeld, they're ready for you.
 yes, i was very wise to hitch my wagon to his star.
 hi, how are you doing? nice to see you all here.
 hello.
hello, jerry.
 i'm rita kearson.
oh, uh, nice to meet you.
 where's russell?he, uh, had to go to la.
 there's a problem on the set of blossom.
oh, poor blossom.
 anyway, he asked me to sit in for him.
oh, he ran to say something to david letterman.
david letterman's on the floor?yeah, he just walked by.
well, i think we should get started anyway.
yeah, good idea.
so how are you guys comin along?good, good, we've got a lot of ideas.
good.
 have you ever been to a chinese restaurant and they tell you it'll be, like, five minutes for a table and you wind up waitin there for, like, thirty minutes? well, we thought it would be very funny to do an entire show where all you're doin is waitin for the table.
 re hungry and you bump into somebody you know when is russell coming back?so that's the idea?well no, that's one.
 we have many others.
 we have an idea where, uh, i get into an accident with a guy who has no insurance and the judge sentences him to be my butler.
 around with one of those big neck collars.
you tellin 'em about the butler story? is that beautiful or what? hey, sorry i'm late.
 russell?i'm rita kearson.
oh, rita.
 hey, mr.
 shermack, how're you doing, good to see you.
 jay, always a pleasure.
 i thought i was getting the butler.
don't worry, uh, we'll find something for you.
so letterman didn't spark to your idea, huh?no, he said there was nothing he could do, and next time i should probably break the prozacs in half.
you, you guys wanna hold it down? i'm watchin jeopardy.
would you give him the tv back?oh, by the way, george.
 susan called for you a minute ago.
i bet they're probably doing summersaults about us over there.
 you think they get butler stories like that everyday?  who is joseph cotton? giddee up!hello?hi, it's me.
 it's georgie boy.
 what's going on?what's going on? what's going on? i'll tell you what's going on.
 i'm fired!fired? why?because you kissed me.
 you kissed me, you stupid idiot! rita called russell and he fired me over the phone.
 what is pi? ooh! giddee up again.
but i had no i didn't realize.
you didn't realize? how could you not realize? you're stupid! you're a stupid, stupid man!i just feel terrible this is just terrible.
 what is the cha-cha? ooh, yes indeed.
i'll speak to you later.
 m out!why did he fire her?because i kissed her in the meeting.
 russell found out, he fired her over the phone.
 finally, my stupidity pays off!what is here comes the judge, here comes the judge!you can't break up with her now.
 her life is shattered.
 you got her fired.
 you gotta be there for her.
what?you gotta at least wait until she gets another job.
another job?couple of interviews.
oh, this is unbelievable.
 i'm stuck.
 every time i think i'm out, they pull me back in.
are you gonna leave after its over? you know, if we have sex.
what? leave? where? why?you know, the apartment.
why would i leave? this is my apartment.
well what if it was my apartment?who gave you this idea i would wanna leave?well elaine said men like to leave after it's over.
listen, i wouldn't put too much stock into what elaine has to say about relationships.
 she comes from a broken home, and i mean that literally.
 a tree fell on her roof and cracked the whole structure.
 her parents got along beautifully, but her house was in bad shape.
maybe i should get going.
what else did you say to her?nothin'.
 i was just givin her the straight dope.
more like a dope was giving it to her straight.
 another cup of coffee with you, she'll wind up in a convent.
listen, there was a lot more i could've told her, believe me.
what is that about leaving after sex? did i ever leave with you?you might've if i'd stayed.
 so you know what? i got served with papers today.
 ping is suing me.
 i need your virgin as a witness.
 you better be nice to her.
i was trying to be.
look at george.
 he lucked out, huh?oh, you're not kiddin'.
 who'd ve figured susan would break up with him? they had a good thing going.
yeah, since she met him she's been vomited on, her family cabin's been burned down, she learned her father's a homosexual, and she got fired from a high paying network job.
 yeah, they had a real good thing going.
what do i do? well actually, i'm a writer.
 in fact, i'm writing a comedy pilot for nbc right now.
a sitcom? how can you write that crap? carol, this guy's writing a sitcom.
a sitcom? come on, let's go.
 a sitcom.
 can you imagine? and he actually tried to use it to hit on me! let me ask you a question.
 mm-hm.
 you're a hostage, captured by terrorists-  who, me? you, anybody - whatever.
 you're in the little room, you're chained to the floor, you're there for a long time do you think they would ever consider doing the laundry?  s in the geneva convention.
  mon! take it off, take it off! hey, georgie.
 hi.
  s the matter?  my mother caught me.
 'caught you? doing what? you know.
 i was alone  you mean ?!  uh-huh.
  she caught you? where?  my mother had a glamour magazine, i started leafing through it 'glamour'?  so, one thing lead to another so, what did she do? first she screams, george, what are you doing?! my god! and it looked like she was gonna faint - she started clutching the wall, trying to hang onto it.
  man i didn't know whether to try and keep her from falling, or zip up.
 what did you do? i zipped up!  so, she fell? yeah.
 t run over there the way i was! no, i guess you couldn't have  t think so.
  done that.
 so, she fell, and then she started screaming, my back! my back! so, i picked her up and took her to the hospital.
  how is she?  s in traction.
  m sorry.
 it's not funny, elaine.
  m serious.
 her back went out.
 she's gotta be there for a couple of days.
 all she said on the way over in the car was, why, george, why?!' i said, because it's there! 'glamour'?  ll tell you this, though - i am never doing that , again.
 what, you mean, in your mother's house, or all together?  all together.
 oh, gimme a break  ohhh yeah right.
 oh, like you're gonna stop? c'mon you don't think i can? no chance.
  you think you could? well, i know i could hold out longer than you.
 care to make it interesting? sure, how much? a hundred dollars.
  re on.
  you? yeah.
 you'll be out before we get the check.
  i want to be in on this, too.
  ohh, no.
 no, no, no why?  s apples and oranges what? why? why? because you're a woman! so what? it's easier for a woman not to do it than a man.
  oh.
 we have to do it.
 it's part of our lifestyle.
 it's like, uh shaving.
 oh, that is such bologna.
 i shave my legs.
  not everyday.
 alright, look, you want to be in? yeah! you gotta give us odds.
 at least two to one - you gotta put up two-hundred dollars.
 no, a thousand! no, i'll - i'll put up one-fifty.
 alright, you're in for one-fifty.
  okay, one-fifty.
 alright, now, how are we gonna monitor this thing? well, obviously, we all know each other very well, ll all feel comfortable within the confines of the honor system.
 alright.
   yeah?  whatever.
 how is she?  ll be fine.
 i gotta go to the hospital to see her tonight.
  yeah? it's me.
 come on up.
 hey, what are you doing tonight?  dating marla.
 oh, the virgin? yeah.
 any, uh progress, there? what's the latest? well, i got my troops amassed along the border - i'm just waiting for someone to give me the go-ahead.
 hey, look at this, c'mere.
 there's a naked woman across the street.
 where? second floor from the top.
 see the window on the left?  wow!  who walks around the house like that?!  s a nudist.
 you know, those nudist colony people  yeah hey, let me ask you a question.
 in these nudist colonies, do they eat naked in the dining room? i would imagine it's all naked.
 what about the chamber maids? are they naked, too?  one big nude-a-rama.
 hey.
  hey.
 well, s my money? who caved?  not me.
  not me.
 what're you looking at? there's a naked woman across the street.
  m gonna go tonight.
  ve taken it back.
  to mars.
  uh-huh.
 have a good time.
  m out! what?! yeah, i'm out - i'm out of the contest.
 you're out?! yeah, yeah what? well, that was fast! well, it was that woman across the street.
  and then there were three.
 i don't understand you.
 i really don't.
 you have nothing better to do at three o clock in the afternoon? i go out for a quart of milk, i come home, and find my son treating his body like it was an amusement park!  ma.
 don't give me ma'.
 it's a good thing i didn't hit the table.
 i could of cracked my head open.
 ma, people can hear you.
  d be very successful at it.
 you could sell out madison square garden.
 thousands of people could watch you! you could be a big star!  s enough! i want you to go see a psychiatrist.
 no! i am not going to see a psychiatrist! why? why not?! why won't you go?  t want to.
 i want you to go see somebody.
 well, i am not going.
 it's a good thing your father's in chicago.
 hello, aunt estelle.
 look at you - how did this happen?  s been through enough.
 she has to relive the experience now?! hi, denise.
 six-thirty, time for your sponge bath.
 mmm is it six-thirty already? i fell asleep.
  so, george, what are you doing now? i hear you got some kinda television, writing - thing?  yeah television.
 let me help you out with that.
 here, just slip it over your head oh thank you.
  re doing, exactly? george, you're cousin, shelly, is talking to you! so, when was the last time you took a class? oh, it's been a while.
  are you psyched?  m really psyched.
 well, you're gonna thank me for getting you in here.
 why is that?  see the guy with the dark hair and the red shorts?  s here! he's gonna be in your class today.
  s gonna be in my class?! i can get you a spot right behind him.
 he has got a great butt.
 yeah.
 butt.
 butt.
 great butt.
 john-john's butt.
 let's slow it down a little.
 'slow it down'? well, you know ah, yeah i know.
 you're okay with that, right? yeah, yeah of course.
 what, do you think i care about the sex? what kind of person do you think i am? that doesn't mean anything to me.
 t care about that.
 so, i'll see you saturday night, then?  sure, saturday night.
 alright, then.
 good night.
 goodnight.
  goood moorrrnninng!  yeah, good morning.
 ha, ha! nothing like some good solid sack time.
 she's not there.
 she's doin her wash.
  oh.
 so, did you make it through the night?  m proud to say i did! so, you're still master of your domain.
  her to put those shades down! woah, woah, woah.
 what-what did you just say? i can't take it anymore! she's driving me crazy! i can't sleep, i can't leave the house, and i here, i'm climbin the walls.
 meanwhile, i'm dating a virgin, i'm in this contest - something's gotta give! do you hear what you're saying?! can you hear it?! m not gonna let you do it.
  it, get out of my way.
  throw it away?! look, i'm sorry- no, i'm not gonna let you do it, jerry.
 kramer, get outta my way!  come on! please! alright yes!  alright.
  she's not there! oh, i can wait so the nurse was giving her a sponge bath? every night at six-thirty.
 the nurse was gorgeous then i got a look at the patient i was going nuts.
 oh, man.
 well, i guess you'll be going back to that hospital.
  well, my mother, jerry  but are you still master of your domain?  i am king of the county.
 you? lord of the manor.
 john f.
 kennedy jun-ya! what?  he was in my aerobics class.
 really? did you talk to him? no, you don't understand - he was working out right in front of me.
 so, listen, after the class was over, i timed my walk to the door so we'd get there at the exact same moment, and he says to me, 'quite a workout'? what did you say?   good one.
 so then, listen, listen.
 so then, i showered and i dressed, and i saw him again, on the way out.
 oh, god but the question is, are you still master of your domain?  you're back.
 of course i'm back.
 why wouldn't i be back? my mother's in the hospital, i'm going to pay her a visit.
 i know, but two days in a row? you didn't have to do this.
 you're my mother! what wouldn't i do for you? you know what you could do? i haven't eaten lunch or dinner.
 i can't eat this hospital food.
 maybe you could run down to the deli and get me a sandwich   m weak.
 well, wait a little while, ma.
 what's the difference? i don't understand why you can't do this for me!  d like to spend a little time with you.
 but if you wait, they won't let you back in! visiting hours are almost over! ten minutes! here, here, have some tic-tacs.
 get the hell outta here.
 m sorry you came.
  six-thirty.
 time for your sponge bath.
 george i'm huuunnnggry!  hang on, ma hang on hi! hi.
 did you get your hair done today? no, i just, uh, fixed it a little bit.
 you know who - isn't here.
 he was in the early class today.
 but i think you made quite an impression on him yesterday.
  what? what? who? me-me-me? i made an impression? what impression? let me just put this back.
 no! no! now! tell me now! what did he say?!  he asked about you.
  what did he say? he wanted to know your situation.
  what situation? i have a situation? i-i told him you were single.
 that was good.
 that was very good.
 he said you were just his type.
  re trying to hurt me.
 he also told me to tell you that he'll be in your neighborhood tomorrow around nine o clock - so he's gonna stop in front of your building if you want to come down and say hello.
 alright, ma, i'll talk to you later nothing, i'm, i'm watching, uh, tiny toons here, on nickelodeon it's, i-i like kid shows.
 they have a very innocent, wholesome quality.
 okay, alright, i'll talk to you later.
 bye.
  s good yes, yes, yes  the wheels on the bus go round and round, round and round, round and round.
 the wheels on the bus the woman across the street has nothing on, nothing on, nothing on all you got is instant coffee? why don't you get some real coffee? i don't keep real coffee in here, i get my coffee on the outside! yeah?!  s elaine.
  where did you get those socks? i don't know.
 i think those are my socks! how are these your socks?! i don't know, but those are my socks! i had a pair just like that with the blue stripe, and now i don't have them anymore!  feet.
 they looked so good to me, i just had to have them! yeah, well, they're my socks! they're my socks! oh boy what are we doing here  oh boy.
 this is ridiculous.
 do you believe this? we're fighting.
 we're fighting.
 i haven't been myself lately.
 i've been snapping at everybody.
 me too.
 i've been yelling at strangers on the street.
 hello  you caved?! it's over? you're out? ohh-my-god.
 the queen is dead.
 i figured you'd cruise.
 at least through the spring.
 what happened? it was uh john-john.
 ohhhhh john-john.
 but you made it through the day before.
 yeah, but yesterday, he told joyce, the aerobics teacher, that he wants to meet me outside here at nine o clock tonight.
 why outside here? because he think i live here.
 remember when we shared a cab, and he dropped me off out in front? he's picking me up.
 alright, costanza - it's just you and me.
 and then, there were two.
  elaine benes kennedy junior let's go in the bedroom.
 really? yes.
 you sure? yes.
 you really want to? i do.
 i'm ready.
 okay i know how difficult this must have been for you.
  t know the half of it.
 what do you mean? well, it's kinda silly, but contest?! a contest! this is what you do with your friends? no, it was just a bet.
 i mean, it actually started with george and his mother- i don't want to hear another word.
 and to think how close i came to you being the one! i must have been out of my mind.
 marla? hi, oh, i'm glad i ran into you- i don't want to have anything to do with you or your perverted friends.
 re horrible.
 what happened? i told her about the contest.
 ohh.
 boy, she's a whack-o.
  hey, what happened? what? i thought you were meeting kennedy.
  t show.
 yeah, he did.
 what? he's - he's out there? oh, my god.
 i-i gotta go, i gotta go no, no, no.
 he just left.
 what? yeah, he was talking to marla.
 marla? yeah, i think, you know, she was, like, crying, and he was consoling her, and then, she, uh, just got into his car, and they just drove away.
  he left with marla, the virgin? yeah.
 they drove away? yeah, drove away you know, i said hello to him.
 you know, he's - he's-  oh my god in heaven!  is that ? kramer?! he's waving ohh, john.
 that was wonderful bah bah baaah, boo doo bah bah bah, boo doo waaaah, waah, waaaah hey, could you do me a favour? [pause] could you shut-up?hey guess what? this window doesn't work.
i hate rental cars.
 nothin ever works: the window doesn't work, the radio doesn't work and it smells like a cheap hooker [pause] or is that you?gimme ten bucks and find out so, this worked out pretty good.
 them givin me an extra ticket, y'know, you get a free trip to st.
 louis, i did my gig, you got to see your sister yeah, worked out good.
and here's the beauty--what?george is pickin us up at the airport.
get out of here! why?you know that awning outside my building?yeah he's always bragging about his vertical leap, so i bet him fifty bucks that he couldn't touch the awning.
so what happened?he didn't come within two feet of the thing.
 he's wavin at it so, i told him if he picks us up at the airport, he wouldn't have to pay me anything.
hey, how we doin on time?timed out perfectly.
 drop off the car, pick up the rental car shuttle, we walk right on the plane hey! wait up!hey! wait up!sorry.
 heh heh heh where you goin'?uh, jfk.
 [to elaine] i need some small bills for a tip.
 you got anything?yeah, you want five?gimme ten.
you're giving him dollars?well, we got three bags.
that's a pretty big tip that's what they get!they don't get that much.
let's ask him.
we can't ask him let's see what he says.
jerry, we don't have time for this two seconds.
 [to skycap] excuse me, my friend and i here, we were having a discussion and we were wondering what you usually get for a tip.
depends on the person, depends on the bag.
uh, how about a couple of people like us.
people like you? i wouldn't expect much, you don't even look like you know what you're doing c'mon, seriously well, since you asked, usually, i get five dollars a bag.
what!?that's right.
 dollars a bag? i don't think so.
look, you asked, i told you.
you got some nerve trying to take advantage of us all right, look, we're late.
 thank you very much you're lucky i don't report you jfk  honolulu.
wait up!you see? never be late for a plane with a girl.
 cuz a girl runs like a girl-- with the little steps and the arms flailing out you wanna make this plane, you've gotta run like a man! get your knees up!the flight's been canceled?!?!everything into jfk's booked no, wait-- i have two seats into laguardia-- but they're not together.
 it's boarding right now.
we'll take em!we're not going to sit together?well, so what? it's not that long-- you'll read.
well, what about george? he's supposed to pick us up at kennedy.
we'll call him there's no time.
no time? [to ticket lady] is there time?there's no time.
there's no time.
 all right, we'll call him from the plane.
i have one seat in first class, and one in coach.
 the price is the same since your flight was canceled.
i'll take the first class.
jerry!what?why should you get the first class?elaine, have you ever flown first class?no.
all right then.
 see? you won't know what you're missing.
 i've flown first class, elaine-- i can't go back to coach.
 i can't i won't you flew here coach.
yeah, that's a point all right, fine.
 i don't care.
 if the plane crashes, everybody in first class is going to die, anyway.
yeah, i'm sure you'll live.
bon voyage, lainey!great [to herself] help me excuse me, i think you're in my seat oh, sorry my mistake [to himself] thank !hey, thanks for coming with me.
hey, what made you think you could touch that awning?i confused it with another awning.
so how we doin on time?we're perfect.
 i timed this out so we would pull up at the terminal of the terminal as we roll up.
 i tell you, it's a thing of beauty.
 i can not express to you the feeling i get from a perfect airport pickup.
 s going on? what are you doing? the long island expressway? what are you getting on the long island expressway for? do you know what the traffic will be like? this is a suicide mission!will you relax?!oh, i had it perfectly timed out: the grand central, the van wyck! you destroyed my whole timing!this is the best way to go!do you know what happens if i miss him? i don't get credit for the pickup and i lose my bucks george, there's no traffic at this time.
 now, come on, man really?if anything, we'll probably get there early.
 i'll have a chance to go to the duty free shop.
the duty free shop? duty free is the biggest sucker deal in retail.
 do you know how much duty is?duty.
yeah, duty'.
 do you know how much duty is?no, i dunno how much duty is.
duty is .
 it's like sales tax i still like to stop at the duty free shop.
i like to stop at the duty free shop.
i like to stop at the duty free shop!so, he says, ``squeeze your breasts together'', and i say, ``i thought this was an ad for shoes'' oh my is that the new esquire? turn to page .
wow! coming out of the shower it's a good thing they gave you that washcloth to cover yourself up what is this an ad for?see those wrinkled jeans slung over the chair? way in the background, out of focus?uh-huh how does it look on your side? [pause while george just stares at him] we'll get there oh, look at this he's sleeping and i have to go to the bathroom.
 maybe he'll wake up soon.
 what if my kidneys burst? is it worth it not to wake this man up to damage a major organ? i hope this disgusting slob appreciates what i'm doing for him [to passenger on the other side of her, but still to herself] yeah, make a little more noise with your gum-- that's helpful.
they're not here! you cost me fifty bucks!look at you! you run like a girl! run like a man! lift your knees!look, we're wasting our time here! we're a half-hour late, they've probably took it off the board already.
no, there it is, right there-- and it's canceled.
canceled? do i still get credit for the pick up? i was here!ok, c'mon let's go check over at the ticket counter.
oh, there it is honey, gate a, : [he leaves]did you see that guy?no what guy?that guy he was just listen, you go over to the ticket counter, i'm going to go stop in the gift shop and pick up a copy of time magazine.
 there's supposed to ba blurb about jerry in it and i think he mentioned my name![still lost] i know that guy gotta get my time magazine never miss my time magazine.
yeah, get your magazine and let's get out of here.
hey, i was gonna take that!gee, i'm sorry i got here first.
i don't care when you got here, i want the magazine you don't understand, there's a about me in this magazine!a a blurb! check out the cover, idiot!all right, let's go i want the magazine!umm no.
you know what i would do to you, if i wasn't in these shackles but you are blanche you magazine! laaaast copy, too.
 maybe i'll read it tomorrow-- in the park! it's supposed to be a beeyootiful day! have a nice life sentence, that is!they're on a different flight.
 they're scheduled to land in a half hour, only at laguardia.
laguardia? all right, let's go.
 c'mon where do i know that guy from?[to herself, loudly] wake up, you human slug! wake up! !! i can't hold it anymore! [to the slug out loud] excuse me, i've gotta go to the bathroom oh my that refreshing would you care for some slippers?sounds lovely! [to tia, motioning to put them on her] may i?please!why, it's a perfect fit.
 you must be cinderella.
my name is not mentioned in this blurb it's grossbard!who's grossbard?when i lived on third avenue and th street years ago, i had this roommate who was behind in his rent.
 then one month, he asks me to loan him his share of the rent-- bucks! he took the cash and >pfffft< disappears.
 well, i try to find him, i went to his girlfriend's house, even his family.
 uh-uh.
 i never got the money back! he screwed me! and that's the guy-- john grossbard!hey kramer, c'mon-- it was bucks twenty years ago no, i'm gonna turn around i'm gonna get that guy no-no-no, kramer.
 kramer! kramer! you abandon people in the middle of an airport pickup! it's a binding social contract.
 we we must go forward not back.
tia, did you see all the flowers in that bathroom? it's like an english garden in there.
they're gardenias, mostly.
i thought i smelled lilac.
yes, there are a few of those, too it's almost overwhelming ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain speaking.
 due to equipment problems at the runway at laguardia, we've been instructed by the tower to re-route and land at jfk.
 we apologize for any inconvenience [to anyone who'll listen] what'd he say? what'd he say?well, you're not gonna believe it what?the plane's been re-routed to kennedy.
 we've got minutes.
let's go.
 listen to the bell, grossbard-- it tolls for thee.
we have some of saffron.
oh, saffron! that sounds good.
and today we're featuring wines from the region tuscany!hi.
 can i get to my seat?you're just gonna have to wait but you just passed it.
 i'm sitting right there next to that guy you're not supposed to get up during the food service.
well, nobody me that!look.
 this plane is .
 i got a lot of people to serve.
 now please you're just gonna have to wait.
there it is.
 gate we got plenty of time.
grossbard's plane leaves in ten minutes.
 i got time to catch him!how you gonna catch him? he's probably boarded the plane already.
gimme your credit card.
my credit card?just gimme the card, don't ask me any questions.
i'm not gonna give you my card unless you tell me what it's for!i'm gonna buy a ticket-- i'm gonna get on that flight.
what, are you, nuts? you're gonna spend more on the ticket than you're gonna get back from grossbard.
no, i'm not gonna use the ticket! i'm gonna get my money, i'll get off the plane and turn your ticket in for a refund.
 it's not gonna cost you a dime! now gimme the card.
this is a the bonus miles.
excuse me.
 i'm sorry to make you do this, but i got stuck in the aisle and the flight attendant wouldn't let me get through.
 there's no way to get around that cart i'll try and remember that.
 [pause] where's my meal?excuse me? excuse me, but i didn't get a meal.
are you sure?yes, i'm sure! i would know if a tray of food had been served to me.
would you? well, the only meal left is a kosher meal.
kosher meal? i don't want a kosher meal.
 i don't even know what a kosher meal is.
then why didn't you take it?you're eating my food!look, i got earplugs to collect.
 do you want it, or not.
mmmmmmmm!this is the best sundae i've ever had.
oh, man.
 you know what they got the fudge on the bottom-- y'see? that enables you to control your fudge distribution as you're eatin your ice cream.
i've never met a man who knew so much about nothing.
thank you mmmmmm!more anything?more everything!look, i got super savers! c'mon.
super savers? are they refundable!?you bought non-refundable tickets, you idiot!she talked me in to it-- she said it was the best deal.
do you know how much this is going to cost me?look, i'll tell you what-- i'll split it with youlook, i'm gonna go to the bathroom excuse me excuuuse me what? oh, no nothing for me thanks.
what is your name?elaine benes?[checks her list] you're going to have to go back to coach.
no, but there was nobody sitting here yes, but you're still not allowed.
 these seats are very expensive.
oh, no, please, don't send me back there.
 please, i'll do anything.
 it's so nice up here.
 it's so comfortable up here.
 i don't want to go back there.
 please don't send me back there [she notices another attendant offering goods] oh, you got !you're going to have to go back to your seat!ok, fine.
 i'll go back you know, our goal should be a society !what is all the racket back there? you know, you're trying to relax on the plane and this is what you have to put up with.
 [to attendant] what is going on?sir, this woman tried to into first class.
oh, you see, that's terrible.
 the problem is, that curtain is no security-- there really should be a locking door.
hey! that guy owes me bucks!couldn't be where are they already? i don't see them anywhere i got my bags, i'm ready to go.
yeah, bags the worst flight i have been on in my entire life.
yeah, me too i'll call you.
okay [to a bamboozled elaine] it's a business thing you guys ready?yeah.
 where's george? kramer!i loved her jerry, i loved her.
no, you didn't.
and she loved me.
 hoo, ho, she really did.
no she didn't.
what am i going to do now? i can't live without susan.
 i gotta get her back.
 how? how, am i gonna get her back?[oc] not only didn't you love her, you didn't even like her.
who says?you did.
ah, a beautiful successful intelligent woman's in love with me and i throw it all away.
 uh oh boy.
 now i'll spend the rest of my life living alone.
 i'll sit in my disgusting little apartment watching basketball games, eating chinese take out.
 walking around with no underwear.
 because i'm too lazy to do a laundry.
you walk around with no underwear?yeah, what do you do when you run out of laundry?i do a wash.
who am i going to meet who is better than her? no one, jerry.
 no one's better than her.
when you were with her you said you couldn't stand her.
i loved her!you said goin up the steps of her apartment was like being taken to a cell.
i would give anything to be going up those stairs again.
i gotta call her.
 should i call her?george, i don't know if that is such a good idea?whyie?you need some professional advice.
 why don't you go see elaine's friend? she's a therapist.
i'm not going to see that nut doctor she went to europe with.
no, no no [elaine enters, flossing teeth] elaine what's the name of that friend of yours that's a therapist the woman.
dana folley.
right, dana folley.
she any good?yeah, she's terrific.
 why? you thinking of going?wa, uh, tia? who's that?she's the model i met on the plane.
she sent you a christmas card?um uh.
 and we're going out saturday night.
my darling susan! my darling!!!what are you doing? date with fred.
the religious guy?he's not that religious.
let us pray.
hey, you got any double crunch?yeah.
kramer, should i call susan?now what does the little man inside you say? see you gotta listen to the little man.
my little man doesn't know.
the little man knows all.
my little man's an idiot.
see, she was clever.
 you know she put her picture on a card.
 i should do that.
 i never do anything like that.
you want a picture like that on a christmas card? i can do that for you.
 she kept such a nice clean apartment.
 she was so sanitary.
no, no, i was just thinking out loud i don't want my picture on a card.
no, no, i'll take your picture.
 i'll take care of everything.
she made a big breakfast every sunday.
 i don't know what she put in those eggs.
all right, now, you come on over.
 i'll have my cereal and i'll take your picture.
really? can you really take a picture?yeah, he's good.
 he takes good pictures.
 he's got equipment over there.
all right, ha hai don't know about that outfit though.
why? what's wrong with it?well, we'll have to improvise.
 t you tell her i love her.
 oh hey, george i'm afraid i'm going to have to ask you to leave.
so, i'm thinking of putting in na tropical fish tank right here.
are you sure you're ready for that kind of comitment?well, i figure if it doesn't work out i can always flush them down the toilet.
that's horrible!what's that perfume you're wearing?oh i completely forgot i want you to see this.
 the calvin klein ad i was telling you about came out today.
what is that smell?it's here somewhere.
it smells like the beach.
exactly.
oh my god is that the new perfume?yeah.
i can't believe this.
 my next door neighbour had the idea for this exact perfume last year.
 he even met with an executive at calvin klein.
 i can't believe they stole his idea.
are you sure?and you're the model for this perfume?uh, that's him.
 he just came home.
 uh, the door [jerry pushes his door against kramer's entrance]heyhey.
hey, how ya doing? [trying to enter]yeah, uh, i'll see you later.
i just wanted to borrow your dust buster.
all right come on in.
 just wait over here! just wait here and i'll get it for you.
 kramer this is tia.
hello.
how tall are you?five ten.
come on lets see - back to back.
no! kramer!what's the matter with you? i just wanted to see how tall she was.
oh, you're tall - she's tall i'm tall.
 what's the difference who's tall.
 we're all tall.
what's that?what?that smell.
 what's that smell? what smell?it's very familiar.
 i can't put my finger on it.
 it's very familiar.
oh, they're all the same.
 here.
 [gives him dust buster] now if you'll excuse us, yeah, okay, so i'll see you tomorrow uh?okay.
yeah.
 nice meeting you.
nice meeting you too.
i'll see you later.
ooow, that was close.
[oc] the beach!!!you smell like the beach.
 what's the name of that perfume? you're wearing.
it's ocean by calvin klein.
calvin klein? no, no.
 that's my idea.
 they, they stole my idea.
 y see i had the idea of a cologne that makes you smell like you just came from the beach.
i know look at this [shows ad]whooo, that's you! what is going on here? the gyp re not going to get away with this.
hello.
 george, come in.
 come in i've heard an awful lot about you.
 please sit down.
well hello.
 um, ah, specifically the reason that i'm here, uh, i don't know uh what elaine told you but uh i broke up with my girlfriend a couple of weeks ago.
 actually she broke up with me [struggling with his coat zipper] and uh, well, i was the cause of it and uh, i just wanted to find out from you what's with this thing?so uh, she broke up with you? yeah, and, why won't this go down?it's all right don't worry about it.
 so, why did she break up with you?what is with this damn zipper?it doesn't matter.
 you'll fix it later.
 tell me about your girlfriend.
it's stuck on a piece of cloth here.
 i can't get the cloth out.
it doesn't matter, so this is a brand new jacket.
 boy this really burns me up, george, george, look at me.
 okay, forget about the zipper.
 what's your girlfriend's name? susan.
okay, we're getting somewhere.
uh, ha ha, it's just so frustrating.
 it's a brand new jacket.
anyway so fred and i are going to do some volunteer work for that church on amsterdam.
oh, volunteer work!.
 see that's what i like about the holiday season.
 that's the true spirit of christmas.
 people being helped by people other than me.
 that makes me feel good inside.
 look at what we have here.
 t have to go to all that trouble.
it was no trouble.
 my assistant did the whole thing.
i didn't even see the picture.
 how did it come out?well, you know.
 it's a picture?oh yeah.
 look at that.
 looks good.
 kramer did a good job.
yeah, well.
 how hard is it to take a picture? um what?did you look at look at this picture carefully?carefully?because i'm not sure and and and correct me if i'm wrong but i think i see a nipple.
what?here.
 take a look.
 what, what is that? s my nipple.
that's what i thought.
that's my nipple.
 my nipple's exposed.
 i sent this card to hundreds of people! my parents.
 my boss.
 uh, nana and papa.
didn't you look at the picture?oh god i didn't notice.
 oh, what am i going to do? you know your whole life you go through painstaking efforts to hide your nipple and then boom, suddenly hundreds of people get their own personal shot of it.
hey!have you seen the card?what card?this car.
yeah, yeah.
 of course.
 i took it.
well did you notice anything unusual about it?no.
well come here and take a look.
yeah, so?so, what's that?that's a nipple.
right!!ooo!aw, great!? didn't you see that?aw, no, no i didn't notice it.
 no, uh,it's because you made me wear that stupid shirt.
well, maybe no one noticed it.
 you didn't notice it.
 let me go get newman.
 we'll see if he sees it.
no.
 i don't want him looking.
oh what's the difference.
 everybody else you know has it.
oh my god.
 i sent one to the super in my building.
 my mailman.
 my ten year old little nephew.
 sister mary catherine.
 father chelios.
 oh my god fred! i sent one to fred.
okay.
 what is it?take a look at this card.
 tell me if you notice anything unusual about it.
your nipple's showing.
okay.
 thanks.
anything else?no.
all right.
 see you later.
what? so what? it's a nipple.
 a little round circular protuberance.
 what's the big deal? see everybody's got them.
 see i got them.
i got them too.
everybody's got them.
you see it's kind of got a little piece of cloth that's slipped underneath and it's pull it up a little bit.
uhg.
 well you hold it.
 wait, uh, damn it! i can't move it.
 god, i've never seen a zipper so stubborn.
 damn it! i almost had it.
yeah, okey, wait wait.
 that will separate.
no.
 let me try take it right off the chest ugh, you're gonna rip it.
 you're gonna rip it.
yeah!! ugh!!! arg!!! i am afraid we're going to have to stop.
okay.
 uh, my mother is is going to pay for the sessions.
 oh,elaine?yeah.
 no, no, no, no, oh, no.
well every day for the past four days she hasn't returned one call.
was it a scratch or a pick?it was a scratch.
hey.
 it's me.
don't you think i know the difference between a pick and a scratch?yeah? s me.
come on up.
was there any nostril penetration?there may have been some incidental penetration.
 but from her angle she was in no position to make the call.
so let's say in her mind she witnessed a pick.
 okay, so then what?is that so unforgivable? is that like breaking a commandment? did god say to moses thou shalt not pick?i guarantee you that moses was a picker.
 you wander throughh the desert for forty years with that dry air.
 you telling me you're not going to have occasion to clean house a little bit.
let me ask you something.
 if you were going out with somebody and if she did that what would, would you do? would you continue going out with her?no.
 that's disgusting!you cannot believe what i'm going through.
 that card is plastered all over the office.
 everybody is calling me, nip! yeah.
 that's my new nickname at the office.
 nip! these guys keep asking me out for drinks.
 not only that, fred, you know the guy i told you about? he hasn't called me in three days.
 [sees card] oh please!hey.
 how come i didn't get a christmas card? everybody else got one.
 jerry got one, kramer got one.
 i thought we were good friends.
 i don't get a christmas card.
 i don't get it.
you want a christmas card? you want a christmas card? all right here.
 [rubs george's head on her breasts] here's your christmas card.
got any double crunch?yeah.
 i think i do.
what's that perfume?what, ocean.
that's mine.
 that's my smell.
 jerry you've got to get that model to get me an appointment with calvin klein.
i can't she won't return my calls because she caught me in a pick at a light.
i thought you said it was a scratch.
but that's not what she thinks.
why don't you call her agency.
 maybe she's been out of town and she didn't get the calls.
all right.
 i'll call the agency.
 [elaine grabs card from george] hello.
 yes, i'm trying to get in touch with tia van camp.
 do you know if she's been in town? she's been in town.
 oh really.
 well thank you very much.
 [hangs up] she has been in town.
 she's at calvin klein's right now.
let's go.
it'll be different this time.
i need someone a little more stable.
i'm not stable? i'm like a rock.
 i take these glasses off, you can't tell the difference between me and a rock.
 i put these glasses on a rock.
 you know what jumps into most people's minds? costanza!people don't change.
i change i change.
 two weeks ago i tried a soft boiled egg.
 never liked it before.
 now i'm dunkin a piece of toast in there and i'm loving it.
i'm not a soft boiled egg.
and i am not a piece of toast.
i just don't think we have anything in common.
that's okay.
 that's good.
 you think louie pasteur and his wife had anything in common? he was in the fields all day with the cows, you know with the milk, examining the milk, delving into milk, consummed with milk.
 pasteurization, homogenization, she was in the kitchen killing cockroaches with a boot on each hand.
why were there so many cockroaches?because.
 there was a lot of cake lying around the house.
 just sitting there going with all the excess milk from all the experiments [grins]and they got along?yes! yes.
 you know.
 she didn't know about pasteurization.
 he didn't know anout fumigation.
 but they made it work!i want to talk to calvin.
you can't go in there.
let me talk to calvin.
kramer?yeah, uh.
who are you?i'm here to talk about the ocean.
oh, yes kramer.
 i uh, think i know something about this.
 will you excuse us tia? [tia leaves]now i don't want any trouble calvin.
neither do i.
hello there you are.
what are you doing here?well, i had to talk to you - i noticed you haven't been returning my calls.
well, i've been busy.
because i - i thought we had a good time the other night, an the only explanation i can come up with is that you think that you caught me  d rather not talk about this but i was clearly on the outer edge of the nostril.
i know what i saw.
 but there - but there was no pick! i - i did not pick! there ws no piick!i gotta go.
 no! no pick!all right, now here's the scoop, jockey.
 i, uh, i came in here last january to talk to one of your ffflunkies  interesting face yeah and, um, when i told him my idea about the beach cologne, you know, he - he laughed at me.
you're very lithe, aren't you? very graceful.
well, yeah.
sit down, eh? re very lean, but muscular you know, i try to take care of myself.
 i - i watch what i eat.
 ah, just recently i cut out fructose.
you're spectacular.
 oh?i told you, fred - my friend's next door neighbor took it.
 soo - what happened?!well, i-i-i must a missed a button.
 i forgot to button it.
i really don't see how you could miss a button like that.
oh, you've never missed a button?! yeah? your sister, gail.
oh, god - my nephew.
 hi, gail! yu yu yes, gail, i know how old he is.
 hey, nip, ya need that manuscript or can i take it home?yeah, take it! take it! an stop calling me nip'! s gotta be somewhere.
 look under his mattress.
about the focus group? i had nothing to do with the focus group.
 what's your point? without a trace of self-consciousness!his buttocks are sublime!of course, his pectorals could use a little work - i suppose we could get him into the weight room.
 s get him in the studio today.
 we can send these out immediately.
you've done it again, c.
k.
!an what if i did do it? even though i admit to nothing, and never will.
 what does that make me? and i'm not here just defending myself but all those pickers out there who've been caught.
 i am not an animal!i did not bare myself deliberately, but i tell you, i wish now that i had! because it is not me that has been exposed, but you! for i have seen the nipple on your soul!so the minute i started up the steps to her apartment i knew i made a terrible mistake.
 going back with her.
 so we're in her apartment she goes into the bathroom.
 i'm cursing myself; now how do i get out of this? then it hits me like a bolt of lightening.
 the pick.
the pick?the pick?she comes out of the bathroom, i'm in up to my wrist.
 you should have seen the look on her face.
i think i've seen that look.
i've got the magazine.
 the underwear ad came out.
boy, they really worked on your pectorals.
your buttocks are spectacular.
oh my!what?i'm not sure but i think i see your you don't understand.
 i got this all timed out.
 i got another spot across town at : , i'm not gonna be able to make it!i hear you, guy.
and i'm doin letterman monday.
 you know, i gotta work out the material!why don't you come back and do the o'clock spot?no, i'm supposed to meet my friends to see this movie ``checkmate' at : .
hey, jer![not losing a step] heeeeyyyyyyyy [and out the door]excuse me, do you have a ticket?no.
okay.
 good.
jerry!what are <you> doing here?hey, do you think this is funny? ``why do they call it athlete's foot? you don't have to be an athlete to get it.
 i mean, my father gets it all the time, and believe me, he's no athlete!''i've been to see ``checkmate''.
well, if it's as good as ``ponce de leon'', i'll be happy.
``ponce de leon'', are you kidding me? i hated that movie!``ponce de leon''? but that was great!oh, <come on>.
 that fountain of youth scene at the end, where they're all splashin around, and then they go running over to the mirror to see if it really worked? i mean, come on! [laughing too hard to continue] that's stupid!lemme tell you sum'in.
 when ponce looked in that mirror and saw that he hadn't changed, and that tear started to roll down his cheek? i lost it.
listen, i'm gonna get a hot dog at payapa king.
no, wait!you're not going to get back here in time!i'm starvin', i haven't had any dinner!you can get a hot dog in the theater.
i don't wanna get a movie hot dog! [in tears] i want a papaya king hot dog!kramer, jerry is going to be here any second, and then this line is going to start moving, and we're going to end up in the front row.
well, just save me a seat.
no! i don't want to save seats.
 don't put me through that! i once had the fleece just ripped out of my winter coat in a seat-saving incident!i'm in line to buy.
no, george, this is the ticket-<holders> line.
no it's not, it's the ticket-<buyers> line.
then how come we're not moving?good question.
is this the ticket holders line, or the buyers?holders.
but i asked you before if you had a ticket, and you said no!i didn't.
 my friend was getting it.
[furious] good.
 it's good to be accurate like that.
can you believe him?he's spaced out.
how long would have stood in the ticket-holders line?[thinks for a while][gives up] yeah, exactly i don't wanna go to a miniplex multi-theater!it's the same movie! what's the difference?it's not a theater, it's like a room where they bring in pows to show them propaganda films.
[to taxi driver] take the park!no no no, take th.
jerry, i want you to do me a favor.
 no more fish![rubbing his eyes hoping the nightmare will end] okay, i get your point!i had a point?hey, you know what else is playing here? ``rochelle rochelle''.
sigh/ugh.
i wouldn't mind seein <that>.
yeah.
 you know, men can sit through the most boring movie if there's even the slightest possibility that a woman will take her top off.
so what's your point?by the way, you owe me seven fifty.
oh, all right.
 can you break a twenty?no, i don't have any change.
oh, well, then i'll pay you later.
or, i could take the twenty, then i could pay later.
yeah, you might be easier.
i mean, how is that easier? i mean, then you would owe me twelve fifty instead of me owing you seven fifty.
[trying to act as if he doesn't care one way or the other, but we know better] either way.
yeah.
so can i have it?i tell you what, i'll get the popcorn and the soda.
whaddya mean, you'll ``get' the popcorn and the soda?i will buy your popcorn and soda.
 we'll call it even.
i tell you what, you give me the twenty, and i will buy a popcorn and soda, and i'll throw in a bon-bons.
[exasperated] george, you're sappin my strength.
you go in and save seats.
[in a panic] me!? but that's three seats! i can't save three seats! i told you about that guy who tore up my winter coat!jerry, i want you to have this piece of material.
that's very nice of you, but i can't do the voices.
jerry! don't start up with me!i gotta get out of this cab but jerry, quit riffing!no, i'm not riffing.
 i'm ignoring! do you understand the difference?[pause] can you help me get on the tonight show?no, these are saved.
all of them? c'mon, you can't take seats.
what, is that a rule?well, why don't go, and i could save the seats.
 you said you didn't like saving anyway.
[stopping someone from sitting in the seat next to her] no, , taken, taken.
 [to george] [shrugs] i'm getting the hang of it.
why don't you give me the twenty, and i'll stop and get change, and then you and i can uh you-know, settle.
can we do this later, george?psh.
 what's the point of even discussing it? [condescendingly takes her hand and pats it] you'll give me the money when you have it.
 [takes two steps, then reconsiders, then re-reconsiders] i, i trust you.
could you do me a favor? if you see a guy that's five foot eleven, he's got uh a big head and flared nostrils, tell him his friend's going to be right back, okay?no, i'm sorry, these are taken.
 they're in the lobby buying popcorn.
 what are you doing? these are taken, these are taken!which one?these two and this one.
 no! don't come over here! these are taken.
 go! go! these are taken! they're taken! they're taken!!!oh, take em.
um, excuse me, have you see a guy with like a horse face, big teeth, and a, and a pointed nose? flared nostrils?yeah.
nope, haven't seen him.
jerry, could you do me a personal favor? and if i'm out of line, , let me know.
 could i keep my trench coat in your closet for a few months?your trench coat in my closet?jerry, my closet is packed to the gills, i'm afraid to open the door.
 just for a few months.
 it'll make all the difference in the world.
we should see ``rochelle rochelle''.
 i hear it's really hot.
no thanks, maybe some other time.
really? do you really mean that?no, i don't.
you liked the athlete's foot bit, right?no.
 no.
 i was kidding.
 it's terrible.
hi, i got some friends inside, i gotta get a message to em.
 mind if i walk through real quick?[indicates ``okay'']hey, did that guy show up?the guy with the horse face and the big teeth no, the guy with the big head and the flared nostrils.
haven't seen him.
 there was a short guy with glasses looked like humpty-dumpty with a melon hat.
 but he left.
so i got home, and he was vacuuming! i mean, he's twelve years old! who else but my alan would do something like that?and then last night, he put on my high heels.
 oh, he put on such a show for us! he was dancing around, lip-sync'ing to ``a chorus line'', i mean you can see he's got talent.
[annoyed] excuse me, excuse me.
what's the problem?[momentarily shocked, as if the answer were self-evident] you're talking.
it's the ``coming attractions''.
so anyway, he sings, he dances.
 and do you know what he's gotten into now? he is cooking! he does a crepe ticket, sir?uh, i just went out, i went to look for my friend?do you have your stub?[as if the word were totally foreign] my `stub'?mm hm.
you don't remember me?it's a big city, sir.
i went in with a pretty woman? you know, kinda short, big wall o hair, face like a frying pan?[whispering] elaine? [loud whisper] elaine! [louder whisper] elaine![quite out loud, not even pretending to whisper] elaine!the village voice calls it a masterpiece.
 a young woman's strange, erotic journey from milan to minsk.
it's a story about life.
 and love.
 and becoming a woman.
 ``rochelle rochelle'', now playing at paradise .
uh, could i have a medium diet coke?do you want the medium size or the middle size?what's the difference?well, we have three sizes.
 medium, large, and jumbo.
[momentarily perplexed] what happened to the small?there is no small.
 small is medium.
what's medium?medium is large, and large is jumbo.
oh-kay.
 gimme the large.
that's medium.
right.
 yeah.
 [fearing the answer] could i have a small popcorn?there is no small.
 [flash of perky inspiration] child-size is small.
what's `medium'?adult.
do adults ever order the child-size?[chuckling] not usually.
[laughs appreciably] okay, gimme the `adult'.
do you want butter?is it butter?[perkily] it's butter- ![exasperated] what is it made of?[perkily] it's yellow! th and th.
have you got a cigarette?no.
ticket, sir?we've just been through this! you don't remember? we just had this exact same conversation a minute ago!i need to see your stub.
[realizing the only way out is to show the stub] i've got the stub.
there you go, okay? that's my friend's ticket.
 you happy now? you got two tickets.
ticket, sir?uh, no, see, my friend already bought me a ticket.
 i'm late, and she's inside.
go ahead.
is that seat taken?it's all yours.
gasoline? can't you get it after you drop me off?[taken aback] no! impossible! it is on `empty'!you're soaking wet.
 who are you?my name is rochelle, i'm from milan.
 i'm supposed to visit my relatives in minsk.
here, stand by the fire.
 take off those wet clothes, you'll catch cold.
oh, my hand's so cold, i can barely get these buttons open.
oh, that's much better.
 much i just went to get popcorn ugh [shakes more popcorn] i just went to get popcorn, okay? and and and somebody took my seat, and my coat is in there!there's a seat in the front row.
no no, i can't sit in the front row.
well, you're going to have to wait, then.
i can't stand around here for !i could let you see ``rochelle rochelle''.
[heavy sarcasm] oh.
 thanks.
oh, hey, listen, by the way, have you seen a tall lanky doofus, with a, with a bird-face and hair like the bride of frankenstein?haven't seen him.
hey, did i make it?sorry.
oh, great.
 that's great.
 what a night.
pat buckles, ladies and gentlemen.
 another round of applause for pat buckles!you got my spot?that athlete's foot bit killed!really do you think i need to lose some weight?weight? naw.
 just need some more height.
my whole night's ruined.
 i didn't do any sets, didn't do any movies come on, we can still catch most of ``rochelle rochelle''.
``rochelle rochelle'', huh?a young girl's strange, erotic journey from milan to minsk.
[his interest piqued] minsk?oh, gimme a break!elaine?jerry!elaine![whispered] shut up.
jerry?george?elaine?george! [waves hi]hey, where's kramer?[whispered] will you shut up?i don't know.
 does this movie stink or what!let's get outta here.
 [to buckles] i'll see ya.
you're leaving?yeah.
[holding out his coat] jerry, take the coat.
 please.
 one month.
i don't want the coat.
jerry! call me when you get home so i know you're okay![studying his jacket] oh man! look at this! i sat in gum.
 oh, by the way, you owe me seven fifty.
i didn't even use the ticket!i still paid for it!i only have a twenty.
that's my coat! gimme that.
 where did you get that?it was on the seat  took my seat!?you uh owe me for the ticket.
yeah, right what is that stain [on my coat]?it's yellow mustard.
 [to george] can you break a twenty?so you're a lawyer.
 what kind of cases do you handle?oh, everything.
 divorce, patents, immigration and naturalization.
what is that, immigrants come over, you show them how to act natural?no, they're not funny at all.
 no, i have no funny friends.
 i'm the funny one.
 el clowno.
look, i was nice enough to pick it up for youhey, i've been back four days, i want my mail.
it's mostly bills, magazines and junk mail anyway.
elaine, that's what mail is.
 without bills, magazines and junk mail, there is no mail.
here's my card.
oh, ok.
 thank you.
 it was good talking to you.
nice meeting you.
yeah.
hi!hey, how ya doin?you would not believe what just happened.
 i was waiting for you and this woman was sitting at the counter.
what, the one who just left?yeah, yeah, and we started talking, and she's this lawyer who's incredible! everything i said was funny! you know, she laughed at everything i said, she thinks i'm hilarious.
 you know in a way, it was almost too good.
 i started so good, i can't go any place but down now, ya know? i got no place to go.
yeah, well, i guess it's all over.
 hey, babu!jerry!look at you, you got the job.
yes, yes, they give me job thanks to you.
oh, i didn't do anything.
yes, you do everything, get me job, you get me a place to live in your building.
come on.
you very very good man, you do everything for me.
 my family and i can never thank you enough for everything you do.
you see, this is what i do with women.
 i start out too strong, now i have to become real, that's when it all falls apart.
 what good is real? they don't want real, they want funny.
no they don't.
ooooh, yes they do.
nooo.
ya gotta put on a show, ya always gotta give them a big show.
 you always have to be on otherwise why would they like me? they'd just go for a better looking guy with more money.
you mean that's true, i'm right?!ok, great, well, i'm glad everything worked out, babu.
oh, yes, yes, everything wonderful.
ok, i'll see you around the building.
i'll see you the building.
 remember babu bhatt?who's he?remember that guy who opened the restaurant across the street from the building last year and he wasn't doing so well and i told him he should make it into all pakistani and that drove him right out of business? so, you uh, going with me to the auto show with me saturday?yeah, yeah.
can you bring my mail then?what mail?i picked up his mail while he was on the roadwhy didn't kramer pick it up?cause he's at that baseball fantasy camp in florida.
oh yeah, right.
 when's he coming back?monday, i think.
kramer goes to a fantasy camp.
 his whole life is a fantasy camp.
 people should plunk down two-thousand dollars to live like him for a week.
 do nothing, fall ass-backwards into money, mooch food off your neighbors and have sex without dating; that's a fantasy camp.
hey listen, if you're gonna go out with this lawyer, why don't you have dinner with us and then maybe you can go to the auto show with her if you want, you know, have a little company, take the pressure off.
 he never heard of corduroy! re killing me!!he never heard of corduroy! true story, true story.
no, no i don't think so.
why?well i think i'm better off going one-on-one.
i don't know why you want to play man-to-man when you could play a zone.
she might not be comfortable.
why? we're all very nice, we're very friendly.
we'll be funny.
no! no.
 it's not good, i don't think so.
alright, well if you change your mind, we'll wind up as isabella's probably around seven.
no, no isabella's, i don't want to go to isabella's.
why?no, it's too trendy, no isabella's.
 m talking about.
toasting makes me uncomfortable.
 but toast, i love.
 never start the day without a good piece of toast.
 in fact, let's toast to toast.
look who's here! georgie-boy!what are you doing here? i thought you said you hated isabella's?no, i talked him into it.
what happened to the auto show?oh, we're still going, we're still going.
 elaine, do the spokes model.
the turbo quadramatic transmission offers you the power and prestige to propel you well into the st century.
cheryl, elaine, and uh, jerry.
would you like to join us?oh no no no, they don't want to join us.
oh no, it's ok, don't be silly.
ok, well why don't we just put these two tables together? and, yeah, well alright.
jerry? jerry, tell them that funny story you were telling me--no! no.
no george, it's so funny.
 we saw this cab driver's picture, right? you know we should really order, the service is so slow here, by the time you get anything oh, cheryl, can i ask you a legal question? um, i'm being sued.
oh? what happened?well, i ran out to apologize to a virgin and i crossed against the light and i knocked over the delivery boy.
was he chinese?yeah.
is your last name benes?how did you know?ping is my cousin!no!that's so funny!i'm handling his case!what? you're cheryl fong?that's right!oh my god, i can't believe it! that is such a coincidence!yeah, i know!wow, well, i guess you don't have any advice for me on how to win the case?will you excuse me? i have to make a call.
tell ping i said hello.
tell him you think you may have broken the case wide open.
what?this is not good.
 this is not good.
what's the matter?i just don't think it's such a great idea for you to sit here.
why not?he thinks that if you're too funny, he might not look so funny.
biff?what?you're not worried about that?no, of course not.
i mean, so what if i'm funny? who cares?he thinks that if a woman sees a guy put on a better show, she'll walk out on his show, go see the other show.
well, should we leave?maybe you don't have to be so funny.
 i mean, would it kill you not to be so funny all the time? that's all i'm asking.
 this woman thinks i'm very funny.
 now you're gonna be funny, so what am i gonna be? i'm gonna be a short bald guy with glasses who suddenly doesn't seem so funny.
this is so ridiculous.
 can we just go over there?i don't have to be funny, i don't care.
you don't?no way! it's completely under my control.
no, it's not.
 you cannot not be funny.
of course i can, am i being funny now?a little.
oh, this is funny? i'm being funny?yeah.
george, is this funny?it's funny! t kill you to not be so funny either.
what? what did i do?hi.
 hello.
 welcome back.
sorry, it was my aunt's birthday and she makes such a big deal about it.
well, nobody likes to get old, right?well, birthdays are merely symbolic of how another year has gone by and how little we've grown.
 no matter how desperate we are that someday a better self will emerge, with each flicker of the candles on the cake, we know it's not to be, that for the rest of our sad, wretched pathetic lives, this is who we are to the bitter end.
 inevitably, irrevocably; happy birthday? no such thing.
funny guy, huh?here, take it.
 i was glad to get rid of it.
well thank you very much, it's about time.
oh listen, guess what? cheryl convinced ping to drop the case against me.
drop the case? well, congratulations, that'll save you some money.
yeah, no kidding.
 that lawyer was gonna charge me a fortune.
 oh great, a birth announcement from arnie and joy harris.
hear that? guess who's back.
 hey!hey.
i thought you weren't coming back till monday.
well, the camp ended a few days early.
why?uh, well there was an incident.
what happened?i punched mickey mantle in the mouth.
what?yeah, i punched him and they took him to the hospital and then they canceled the rest of the week.
you punched who in the mouth?mickey mantle.
what happened?well, you know, we were playing a game and, you know, i was pitching, and i was really throwing some smoke.
 and joe pepitone, he was up, and man that guy, you know, he was crowding the plate.
wow! joe pepitone!yeah, well, joe pepitone or not, i own the inside of that plate.
 so i throw one, you know, inside, you know, a little chin music, put him right on his pants.
 cause i gotta intimidate when i'm on the mound.
 well the next pitch, he's right back in the same place.
 so, i had to plunk him.
you plunked him.
oh yeah.
 well, he throws down his bat, he comes racing up to the mound.
 next thing, both benches are cleared, you know? a brouhaha breaks out between the guys in the camp, you know, and the old yankee players, and as i'm trying to get moose skowron off of one of my teammates, you know, somebody pulls me from behind, you know, and i turned around and i popped him.
 i looked down, and woah man, it's mickey.
 i punched his lights out.
wow, this is incredible!leave me alone! you can't do this to me!what's going on out there?what are you doing? this is not right, people.
 you're making a very bad mistake, very bad.
babu? ll be right back.
 yeah, so?then hank bauer, you know, he's screaming, mickey! mickey! what have you done with mickey? you killed mickey!'so what'd you do?well, i got the hell out of there.
they took babu away?!yeah, the immigration guy said his visa was expired.
 poor babu, everything was going so well for him.
 he had an apartment, he had a job.
 what a shame.
i will, babu! i will help you, babu, don't worry!then hank bauer, you know, he's chasing me around, he trips over third base and knocks over clete boyer.
 uh oh.
what?well this is interesting.
what is it?it's a letter from the immigration bureau, it's babu's visa renewal application form.
 they must have put it in my mailbox by mistake.
well, doesn't he need that?if you had given me my mail last week when i got home, this whole thing never would have happened.
well, you should have come to my house to pick it up.
yeah, so am i being funny now?no, actually, you're not being funny now.
see, i told you i wasn't funny all the time.
 m not funny now.
no, and you weren't funny last night either.
 in fact, you got us both so depressed, she asked me to drive her home after dinner.
oh look, i need to get in touch with cheryl.
 babu needs a lawyer, his visa's expired.
what do you need her for? there's a million lawyers.
yeah, but you said this is one of the things that her firm does.
alright, alright, but no funny business, same deal as last night.
ah, will you stop it already?jerry, please?how long is this gonna go on?till i'm comfortable.
well, when is that gonna be?after consummation.
consummation? i don't think you have enough material.
i actually have a friend in the immigration department who owes me a big favor.
 you're very lucky.
 s wonderful news.
 thank you.
you're a very serious person, aren't you?well, with so many people in the world deprived and unhappy, it doesn't seem like it would be fair to be cheerful.
i understand.
i think it's curdled.
i don't care.
do you ever laugh?not really.
 sometimes, when i'm in the tub.
that's so sad.
 what do you do?i'm a comedian.
 oh, let me get that.
 ve been so helpful.
 re gonna go see babu now, right?yeah, i'll just pay for this.
oh, i'm just gonna go say hi to cheryl.
 hi.
hi.
listen, gosh, i wanted to thank you so much for convincing ping to drop the case.
well, after we met, you were all so nice.
 i just couldn't go through with it.
 but between you and me, you would have paid through the nose.
babu!jerry! jerry, hello jerry!you remember elaine.
yes, yes of course!nice to meet you.
so nice of you both to come.
oh, babu.
no no, you're both very kind, very kind.
we try.
we do what we can.
we do what we can.
the problem is i never got my visa renewal form in the mail.
 i was expecting it.
yes, well, see, here's the thing, babu.
 um, what happened was i was away for a couple of weeks doing some comedy shows.
comedy shows! you're a very funny man.
well, elaine here was picking up my mail while i was away, because you know that little box can get very full.
oh yes, of course.
 tv guide, magazines, everything.
 you know, i would have picked up your mail, your box is right next to mine.
oh, i don't want to bother you.
no bother! you get me job, you get me apartment, you very very good man.
so yesterday, after they took you away, i looked in my mail and i noticed that the mailman accidentally put your visa renewal in my mail box.
come again?you see, i've been home for a week and elaine didn't give me my mail until yesterday, even though i asked her repeatedly for it.
yeah, but babu, he could have come to my house to pick it up.
you had my visa application?!well not technically.
 i kill you!!well what about her?i kill both of you!!babu?!no babu! no babu! you bad man! you very bad man! you very lazy bad man!babu, i'm gonna fix everything! i have a lawyer who knows someone in the immigration department, they're gonna straighten the whole thing out, the wheels are in motion, things are happening even as we speak!the wheels are in motion?the wheels are in motion, things are happening!jerry?i'm very attracted to him.
you think the person you were talking to is him? that's not even close to him.
 he's funny, jerry's funny.
he never said anything funny.
he can't not be funny.
no no no, he's dark.
 and disturbed.
dark and disturbed? his whole life revolves around superman and cereal.
 i convinced him to act like that so that you would think i was funnier.
 that's how disturbed i am! if you want disturbed, that's disturbed.
 you can't find sickness like that anywhere, you think sickness like that grows on trees? nobody is sicker than me, nobody.
 he's pretending, i'm the genuine article.
so you're telling me jerry's whole thing was an act?yes! and i put him up to it, because i'm sick! i'm the one that needs help.
i gotta go.
well, should i call you later?please don't.
but, but i'm disturbed! i'm depressed! i'm inadequate! i got it all!!so, what's up with babu? how come he's not back?i don't know, i don't understand it.
 cheryl was supposed to take careit's george.
c'mon up.
babu must be back.
babu, my goodness, what has happened to you?where's babu?he is in pakistan!who are you?i am his brother.
 he knew a lawyer, it was all going to be fixed.
i'm sure the lawyer did everything they could.
then where is babu? what happened to babu? show me babu! snapple?no, too fruity.
hey, what happened? i thought cheryl was gonna help babu get his visa.
she didn't help him?no.
where is he?he's in pakistan.
oh boy.
what do you mean, oh boy?well, last night she told me that she liked you.
 not you, the disturbed you, so i had to tell her the truth.
told her the truth? well, you got babu deported.
what do you mean, i got? you didn't give him his visa application.
that's because she had my mail.
yeah, well i wouldn't have had to get your mail if he hadn't gone to that fantasy camp.
well, i just came back from mickey mantle's restaurant.
how could you go in there?well, i had to.
 i had to apologize.
 i mean, i punched mickey mantle, my idol.
 it was eating me up inside!well, what happened?i got down in my knees and went, go ahead, mickey.
 hit me.
 i'm begging you, mickey, please hit me.
 c'mon, hit me.
 i love you, mickey, i love you!'so, what did he do?well, the four of them, they picked me up by my pants and they threw me outside, right into a horse.
kramer?yeah? it's my chinese food.
oh! ping! hi! listen, thank you so much for dropping that lawsuit against me.
not anymore.
what?cheryl call me last night, lawsuit back on.
why?she call you and your friends big liars.
 you think she nice girl? wait till you see her in court.
 she's a shark! they call her the terminator.
 she never lose a case.
 now you make her mad.
 she double the damages.
 hasta la vista, baby.
so his friend got the mail but she did not give it to him.
 and then he came to visit me.
 said the lawyer was called to help, he said the wheels were in motion, but there was no motion.
 there was nothing.
 and so they sent me back here.
this is a terrible story, babu.
 what are you going to do?i'm going to save up every rupee.
 someday, i will get back to america, and when i do i will exact vengeance on this man.
 i cannot forget him.
 he haunts me.
 he is a very bad man.
 he is a very very bad man.
wait a second, wait a second and then the butler says, i'm not cleanin it up! i'm sick of cleaning!'that's funny, that's funny! i'm sick of cleaning.
 that's very funny.
i'll tell you something, i've never seen a pilot script as funny as this!yeah, it's funny!i mean, how funny is this?it's funny.
i mean, we're not stupid, right? we know when something's funny!it cannot not be funny! now come on, let's stay with it, we gotta finish this today.
okay.
 hey, you know what, maybe i should give it to my therapist to read.
 she's smart, i trust her.
yeah, maybe i'll give it to elaine.
hey, you know, we haven't brought the elaine character into the show yet.
 umm, we should try and get her into this scene.
right, right.
 okay.
 elaine enters.
right what does she say ?i don't know, what do women say?i don't know.
i don't even know what they think.
 that's why i'm in therapy.
you know, if we bring elaine in, it's going to be so many people to keep track of.
 it's gonna be too hard, i'll forget where everybody's standing, you, me, kramer, the butler, it's too much.
alright, forget elaine.
alright.
 hey.
hey.
hey.
you are never gonna believe who i just ran into today.
who?your old flame.
 gail cunningham.
did you talk to her?well, i was on my way to the y, and i saw her coming towards me? i didn't know what to do! because i remembered you had three dates with her and she wouldn't kiss you goodnight.
 so now i'm thinking you know, what is my duty to my friend? do i acknowledge her? do i you know ignore her? i mean, what is my responsibility here?so what happened?yeah, yeah, so she sees me and she goes, you know? like nothing happened! like she never you know went three dates with you and refused to kiss you goodnight.
yeah, i know about the three dates.
you know what i did? i snubbed her.
what do you mean, you snubbed her?i walked right by her - bffffft - never said a word.
right by her?right by her!what you do say about a guy like this, huh! ve never condoned snubbing in my administration.
 but your loyalty is beyond question.
yeah.
 well, you know, she was lucky i was in a good mood - coulda been a lot worse.
i'm not even in here!yeah, i know.
well, i thought there was going to be a character named elaine benes.
well, there were too many people in the room, we couldn't keep track of everybody.
 george, and the butler, and you couldn't keep track of everybody?well, we tried.
 we couldn't.
 we didn't know how to, uh re going to say something, i have no idea what it is.
you have no idea?something derogatory? i thought i'd find you here.
well, gail cunningham.
hi, gail.
hi, elaine.
 hey, what is with your friend kramer?why?he snubbed me.
are you sure?yeah, i'm sure.
 what did you tell him?nothing.
 i thought you were finished.
i took two bites, how am i finished? bite?so, how come? why did kramer do that?i don't know.
 once he leaves the building, he's out of my jurisdiction.
well, tell him that i am mad at him.
alright.
 so, where ya cookin now?pfeiffer's.
ah, the power lunch crowd.
nice shoes!oh.
 thank you.
where'd you get em?they're um, botticelli's.
ooh, botticelli's! look at you! i'm afraid to go in there.
really.
would you care to join us?no, no, i gotta get to the restaurant.
 see ya.
'oh, look at you, the botticelli's.
'that bothered you?yes, it bothered me.
 so i bought a pair of shoes at botticelli's, i'm not allowed to shop there? that really embarrassed me.
it did?yes! couldn't you see that?no.
 this is why you're not in the pilot.
well, george, i think you're beginning to get some perspective on things.
 i think we're making progress.
yeah, i feel like i've grown.
good.
 so, let's pick up on this next week.
great.
 oh, by the way, did you get a chance to read the script?yes, yes i did.
well, what'd you think?uh it was good.
you didn't like it?well, no, i -i can't believe this! what was wrong with it? what didn't you like about it?it wasn't funny.
it wasn't funny? what, are you kidding?no, i didn't find it funny.
you didn't find it funny?! this is what i'm paying for?well, that whole storyline about a guy who gets into a car accident, doesn't have any insurance, so the judge sentences him to be a butler? i didn't really buy that.
let me tell you who did, uh, buy it um we pitched this story to russell dalrymple, the president of nbc, and he ate it up with a spoon.
george, if you're going to be in a creative field, you're going to have to learn how to deal with criticism.
how's this for criticism? um you stink.
 how do like that criticism? you know what's funny to me? that diploma up on the wall.
 that is my idea of com-med-dee'! you sitting here, telling people what to do.
i think you'd better go.
oh, i'm goin baby.
 i'm goin.
 s such a control freak!so, you send me to this therapist to help me with my emotional disorders, and she criticizes our script.
 what kind of a therapist is that?i guess she didn't think it was funny.
oh, she didn't think it was funny.
 what is she, rowan & martin? we're supposed to meet with nbc tomorrow! she completely shattered my confidence.
 and i'm paying for this, she's my employee!i thought your mother's paying for it.
and she slaves to earn every penny.
 so that someday, i might be able to walk up to a woman and say, yes, i'm bald, but i'm still a good person.
'you know, he's right.
 it's not her place to criticize the script, which reminds me - what did you think of it? you never told me.
what did i think of it? hey, buddy, i got something to tell ya.
 hey, one second, you don't get off that easy.
 c'mon, tell me what you thought.
well, you know, i i just kissed gail cunningham.
 you what?yeah, i kissed her.
you kissed her?right on the mouth.
what kinda great friend are you? how do you go from snubbing to kissing?well, i saw her outside the y, you know, she came up to me, she started yelling because i snubbed her, and then we started talking a little bit, and i walked her to her building.
 and just before i left, i put my arm around her waist, i pulled her to me, and i - mmm - i planted one! and what did she do?she kissed me back.
i don't get this.
 i go out with this girl three times, she doesn't want to shake my hand - why's she kissing you?because i snubbed her.
 you see? women, they like that! yes! i understand women.
 the snub is good, they love the snub!no they don't.
 i tried that once.
 i snubbed for a year.
 nothing.
 every woman i saw, i snubbed.
 you never saw people so pleased.
 ooh, so i understand you're buying your shoes now at botticelli's.
what? who told you that?gail cunningham.
i don't understand, why is this woman talking about my shoes? why are my shoes a topic of conversation?well, you know, we were just talking, and uh she mentioned how you're buying your shoes now at botticelli's.
'how i'm buying my shoes now at botticelli's! did you hear this? so what?so what?! she is talking about my shoes! she is discussing my shoes! it is nobody's business where i buy my shoes! hey! gail!ya.
 elaine !why are you talking about my shoes?what?my botticelli shoes.
 you've been talking about my botticelli shoes.
what are you talking about?did you or did you not tell kramer that i got my shoes at botticelli's? too spicy.
 he wants another one.
 you got that pasta primavera?look elaine, i am very busy here.
who else have you mentioned my shoes to, huh? i wanna know why my footwear is your conversation!i am not discussing this.
 this is insane.
you got that pasta primavera? let's go!ya ya ya, here.
here you are, mr.
 dalrymple.
thank you.
sorry for the delay.
 enjoy your lunch.
well, come in.
 hi.
awfully sorry to make you come up here, but i really wasn't feeling well enough to go back to the office, and well, it's the only chance i have to meet with you this week.
are you alright?well, it's my stomach.
 i think there must have been something in the pasta primavera i had for lunch.
oh, where did you eat?pfeiffer's.
ah.
 i know the chef there.
yeah.
 the food's usually terrific.
my cousin worked for bouchard's.
 they used to use the bouilla-base for a toilet.
 what are you saying?well, you didn't hear it from me, but needless to say, if you go in there - stick with the consumee.
well, we'd better get started, my daughter's going to be here soon.
oh, you have a daughter?yeah, she just turned fifteen last week.
aw, that's a fun age.
 alright.
 the script.
 now, i've read this thing three times and everytime i read it what?excuse me for a second.
 what?would you like a pepto-bismol? i keep them in my wallet ! i'm not sure.
 what was that dish he said he had ?pasta primavera.
ah.
 you know, primavera is italian for spring.
'no!yeah.
really, i'm terribly sorry, it just, uh all of a sudden it just hit me.
so, you were saying how, um about the script right.
 the script.
 your script needs some it needs, um more jokes?another ending?a different name for the butler? maybe we should go.
we haven't heard his notes yet, we don't know how he feels about our work.
 oh god.
 oh my god.
i can't listen to anymore of this, the guy's losing a lung in there.
 hello.
hi.
hi.
i'm molly.
oh, i'm jerry.
george.
we're here discussing our script with your father.
he just read it.
 daddy? are you okay?yeah, yeah sweetie.
 i'm fine.
 so, you live with your mother, huh?uh, yeah.
divorce is very difficult.
 especially on a kid.
uh huh.
of course, i'm the result of my parents having stayed together, so you never know.
 daddy, are you alright? what's the matter?it's just a stomach thing.
yuck.
we're going to have to do this some other time, so if you'll give me your number, i'll call you later.
 you know, suddenly i'm in the mood for pasta primavera myself.
 get a good look, costanza?what were you doing?well, it's not my fault.
 you poked me!you're supposed to just take a peek after a poke.
 you were like you just put a quarter into one of those big metal things on top of the empire state building.
it's cleavage.
 i couldn't look away.
 what am i, waiting to win an oscar here? this is all i have in my life.
looking at cleavage is like looking at the sun, you don't stare at it.
 it's too risky.
 you get a sense of it and then you look away.
all right.
 so, he caught me in a cleavage peek, so big deal.
 who wouldn't look at his daughter's cleavage? she's got nice cleavage.
that's why i poked.
that's why i peeked.
 hey! what is with your friend elaine?what?she comes to my restaurant, comes right in my kitchen, and starts complaining that i'm talking about her shoes.
she did?right in the kitchen.
 disgraceful.
so, i don't want people coming into my kitchen.
 i think she might have sneezed all over someone's pasta primavera.
 someone might have gotten sick because of her.
 pasta primavera?is that what she said? she's somethin', huh? she's a wild one.
 she's wearin me out.
she is?she's sensual.
 you know, with the cooking and all.
 hello? oh, hi stu.
from nbc? if you hadn't gone into her restaurant, this never would have happened.
look, i don't like people talking about my shoes behind my back, okay? my shoes are my business.
 the two of you shouldn't have been looking at some fifteen year-old's cleavage anyway!he poked me!there was cleavage in the area.
 that's a reflex - - cleavage-poke, cleavage-poke but she was fifteen.
you don't consider age in the face of cleavage.
 this occurs on a molecular level, you can't control it! we're like some kind of weird fish where the eyes operate independently of the head.
alright, what's the difference.
 what are we gonna do now? he won't take our calls, we can't get into his office you know what we could do? he eats at that restaurant, pfeiffer's? we could have gail call us, tell us the next time he's there, go there and talk to him.
hey, now you're onto something.
the whole thing is so stupid.
 like he wouldn't do the same thing if elaine walked by in a low-cut dress.
yeah.
 well, maybe not elaine.
no.
but somebody like gail, though.
ya.
what? what do you mean, gail? yah-hey.
kramer, listen, i want you to ask gail to do me a favor.
 the next time russell dalrymple comes in the restaurant, ask her if she would call me.
alright, i'll call her right now.
ok.
 what do you mean, gail? you don't think i can attract attention? you don't think i can put asses in the seats?look, sweetheart, you know you've got it all.
 but let's face it she said she'll do it.
beautiful.
beautiful.
but she wants the shoes.
what?she says she wants those shoes.
she wants my shoes? what kind of person is this? alright! she is not getting em!no, come on! i'll buy you another pair!no, these were the last pair of these that they had!i'll get you another one just like it!no, but these were the only really cool ones like this! don't you see how everybody likes em and how everybody talks about em? elaine, this pilot it doesn't matter to me, it's not me i'm concerned about it's my mother.
 i've been over to the hospital to see her oh yeah, because she caught you jer -never mind!oh, come on, wait a second, this whole thing is ridiculous.
 how do i even know she wears the same size?alright, what size are you?seven-and-a-half.
eh! bingo.
sauce this.
 hey! whattaya know!look who's here!fancy meeting you here!oh.
 hello.
pasta primavera! back on the horse.
you know, it's a funny thing, because after the pilot got cancelled, we hadn't heard from you.
didn't hear anything didn't know we were wondering what happened.
well, it just didn't seem to be the right project for us right now.
 so, what were you saying?oh uh, because if it had anything at all to do with what you perceived as me leering at your daughter, i really have to take issue with that.
 i did not leer.
 did i leer?no leer.
 uh, excuse me, are you using that ketchup?uh, no.
 because, if i'm looking straight ahead, and something enters my field of vision, that's merely a happenstance.
 under the circumstances, i don't really feel that we should be in business together.
 here's your ketchup back.
 you know, i had the hardest time trying to get some out.
 i mean, i just kept pounding and pounding on the bottom of it.
 do you have any trouble?no.
do you have a ketchup secret?no, i because if you do have a ketchup secret, i would really, really like to know what it is.
 field of vision, huh?how's everything?mmmm.
really good.
this pasta primavera is fabulous.
very tasty.
how'd everything go with that nbc guy?great.
the pilot's back on.
 in fact, elaine's going out with him tomorrow night.
 ll of course tell him how much you liked it ?you know, i happen to have the script right here with me and, uh on page , for example, suppose the elaine character comes in wearing a a low-cut dress.
 and the butler is very distracted, and can't work.
uh that kind of comedy, that's a little broad for us.
well, i'm sure it's right up russell's alley.
well, it's a funny idea.
it's funny!c'mon, funny is funny.
funny is funny, we're here to entertain, right?alright, well, maybe i'll mention it to russell tomorrow night.
if you can.
yeah.
 where's he taking you, by the way?bouchard's, on rd.
 i think what he's trying to say is, get the bouilla-base.
 i don't want to !because of me? you must be joking! who wouldn't want to live because of me? i'm nothing!no you're .
you can do better than me.
 you could throw a dart out the window and hit someone better than me.
 i'm no good!you're good.
 you're !i'm bad.
 i'm !you're me!so what could i do? i couldn't go through with it.
 she threatened to kill herself.
over you?yes.
 why, is that so inconceivable?i got two tickets to see guys and dolls'.
i got him a two-line phone.
unbelievable! she's not there.
what paper does she write for?the works for the nyu school newspaper.
 she's a grad student in journalism.
 never been to a comedy club.
 never even seen me, has no idea who i am.
never even seen you? gotta kinda envy that y'know, you've been developing quite the acid-tongue lately [proudly] really?hey, who do you think is the most unattractive world leader?living or all time?all time.
well, if it's all time, then there's no contest.
 it begins and ends with brezhnev.
i dunno.
 you ever get a good look at degaulle?lyndon johnson was uglier than degaulle.
i got news for you.
 golda meir could make em all run up a tree.
y'know, just because you two are homosexuals, so what? i mean you should just come out of the closet and be openly gay already.
so, whaddya say? you know you'll always be the only man i'll ever love.
[indignantly] what's the matter with you?[quietly] c'mon, go along i'm not goin along.
 i can just see you in berlin in goose- stepping past me: c'mon jerry, go along, go along 'y'know i hear that all the time.
hear what?that i'm gay.
 people think i'm gay.
yeah, you know people ask me that about you, too.
yeah, cuz i'm single, i'm thin and i'm neat.
and you get along well with women.
i guess that leaves me in the clear i just thought of a great name for myself, if i ever become a porno actor.
oh yeah, what? buck naked'?yeah, how did you know that?you told me that already like two months ago.
allison bought it for me.
how you gonna get out of one?i dunno.
 i guess i have to wait for her to die.
he's gonna hang around if that's alright with you?sure, i'd like to talk to him, too.
jerry did you wash this pear?yeah, i washed it.
it looks like it hasn't been washed.
so .
you hear the way he talks to me?you should hear how boyfriend talks to me let me ask you something.
 what do you think of this shirt?it's nice.
jerry said he didn't like it.
i didn't say i didn't like it.
 i said it was o.
k no, you said you didn't like it oh, so what if i don't like it.
 is that like the end of the world, or something?so how did you two meet?actually, we met in the gym locker room.
yeah.
 actually it was in gym class.
 i was trying to climb the ropes and jerry was spotting me.
 i kept slipping and burning my thighs and then finally i slipped and fell on jerry's head.
 we've been close ever since.
do you guys live together?[quizzically] live together?no, i got my own place.
and do your parents know?know ?my parents? they don't know goin on oh god, you're that girl in the coffee shop that was eavesdropping on us.
 i you looked familiar!there's been a big misunderstanding here! we did that whole thing for your benefit.
 we knew you were eavesdropping.
 that's why my friend said all that.
 it was on purpose! we're not gay! not that there's anything wrong with that no, of course not i mean that's fine if that's who you are absolutely i mean i have many gay friends my is gay look, i know what i heard.
it was a look, you wanna have sex right now? do want to have sex with me right now? let's go! c'mon, let's go baby! c'mon!hey, c'mon! let's go! i thought we were going to take a steam!no!no steam!well i don't want to sit there naked all by myself!happy birthday paruba!today's not my birthday.
well, i beg to differ look at this! a phone! a two-line phone!hey, where you going?i gotta go return something jerry, it's sharon from nyu.
 i'm just calling to tell you that i'm not going to play up that angle we talked about and i'm sorry.
thank you very much, that's great- >click< oh! hold on a sec, i got a call on the other line.
 >click click< hello?hey.
hey, how ya doin'? y'know i got that reporter from the newspaper on the other line.
so, what did she say?she says she's not going to play up that angle of the story.
 she thinks we're heterosexual.
 [sarcastically] i guess we her.
 i'll get rid of her, hold on >click click< sharon? hello? sharon, are you there? >click click< i'm back y'know i could hear you on the other line what are you talkin about?i heard what you said: sharon, are you there?'.
you heard me talkin on the other line, are you sure?yes, i heard you!well, maybe she was disconnected.
maybe she wasn't! maybe she heard the whole conversation!alright, hang on.
 let me call kramer and see if you can hear anything, hold on.
 >click click click< yello?kramer, there may be a problem with the phone, hold on.
 >click click<'there may be a problem with the phone, hold on'!oh no! >click click< kramer, this phone's a piece of junk, goodbye!'the phone's a piece of junk, goodbye'!oh no! now she's heard everything! what are we gonna do?!?now she thinks we're gay, not that there's anything wrong with it no, no, of course not! people's personal sexual preferences are nobody's business but their own!why don't you take a seat?thank-you.
why don't you take your coat off?so she kept insisting i take off my coat.
 i refused, and then she forcibly tried to get me to remove it.
she wouldn't take her coat off at my house, either.
y'know there are tribes in indonesia where if you keep your coat on in somebody's house, the families go to war!so you don't take your coat off, and now everyone at nyu thinks i'm gay.
 not that there's anything wrong with that not at all.
two tickets to guys and dolls'! i'm gonna go with you!'guys and dolls'? isn't that a lavish, broadway musical?it's guys and '.
'the collected works of bette midler'.
what do you got there?'although they maintain separate residences, the comedian and his long-time seem to be inseparable oh no! the associated press picked up the nyu story.
 that's going to be in every paper! i've been outed'! i wasn't even in'!now everyone's going to think we're gay!not that there's anything wrong with that no, not at all 'within the confines of his fastidious bachelor !i thought we were friends here we go i mean, how could you two keep this a secret from me?it's not true!aaaah! enough lying! the lying is through! c'mon, jerry, the masquerade is over.
 you're thin, late thirties, single so are you yeah--hello?george?mrs.
 seinfeld?!?oh, my god oh, my god! [takes the phone] ma?jerry?ma!oh, my god! my !!!jerry?ma, it's not true!it's those damn culottes you made him wear when he was five!they weren't culottes, they were shorts.
they were culottes! you bought them in the girl's department.
by mistake! by mistake, jerry! i'm sorry!it looked like he was wearing a skirt, for crying out loud!ma, it has nothing to do with the culottes!not that there's anything wrong with that, jerry.
i open up the paper, and is what i have to read about? i fell right off the toilet.
 my back went out again, i couldn't move the super had to come and get help me up.
 i was half naked!it's !every you're doing? maybe you're making porno films.
yeah.
 i'm buck naked.
jerry, i can see.
 he's so neat and thin.
 not that there's anything wrong with it.
of course not  : , scott.
 time for your sponge bath.
alright, now the play is tomorrow night.
 so do you want to have dinner first, or do you just want to meet at the theatre?excuse me, sir? i don't mean to bother you.
 i just wanted you to know that it took a lot of guts to come out the way you did, and that you've inspired me to do the same, even though that may mean a discharge from the service.
 thanks.
y'know, i think i'll pass on the guys and dolls' no.
 just imagine her reaction.
yeah oh, my god what?she hasn't seen the article! when she sees it, she's gonna think-- !! i'm out!!!!!yeah? so?yeah so??well this is nice.
 they mention your name.
don't you see what it says here? don't you understand what that's implying?no, what?i'm gay! i'm a gay man! i'm very, very gay.
you're ?extraordinarily gay.
 steeped in gayness.
[matter-of-factly] i don't believe it.
you don't believe me? ask jerry.
i will.
what do you mean you will? that's a bad idea.
 jerry is a very private person.
[grabs george's lapels] i want to hear it from oh, can you ever forgive me?i dunno [they kiss again] , i forgive you y'know the funny thing is, i was attracted to you immediately.
i was attracted to you, too.
 you remind me of lois lane.
jerry! oh, my god! what are you doing!?!what!?you're with a !i know! what are you doin here?!?i leave you alone for two seconds, and this is what you do! i trusted you![forcibly removing g.
 from the apt] would you get the hell out of here!what's going on?yeah, what's going on?alright, tell her.
 go ahead.
tell her what?y'know.
 about .
alright, i'll tell you the truth.
 i'm not gay.
 my name's buck naked, i'm a porno actor.
 ?we'll see you later he's the man!not that there's anything wrong with that oh, what's the point? when i like them, they don't like me, when they like me, i don't like them.
 why can't i act with the ones i like the same way i do with the ones i don't like?well, you've only got another fifty years or so to go before it'll be over maybe i need someone who doesn't speak english.
yeah, how about a mute?a mute would be good.
ah, where you gonna meet a mute?this is what my life has come to tryin to meet a mute.
i dunno, jerry somethin's missing.
 there's a void, jerry, there's a void a deep, yawning chasm there's gotta be more to life than this.
 what gives you pleasure?listening to you.
 i listen to this for fifteen minutes and i'm on top of the world.
 your misery is my pleasure.
hey boys!hey! how you doin'?good.
 okay, well, it's all set.
 i start tomorrow.
start what?i signed up to do volunteer work with senior citizens.
 .
yeah.
 god, i can't tell you how i feel! i mean, i feel feel good.
 the strange thing is, i mean, i haven't even met the woman yet.
volunteer work, huh?what're you gonna do down there?well, they say all it is is that you go over to their apartment and, i dunno, you take them for a walk and you get a cup of coffee and it's supposed to make them feel good.
that's what i do with him [points at george]when did you get this idea?last time i had lunch with you here.
 you were going about how you wanted to meet somebody who didn't speak english.
what, do you break it in with her, then you try it out on me?and and anybody can do this?yup.
helping people of course.
 of course! it makes perfect sense! how could i be doing this!? i am gonna help somebody, dammit![to jerry] what about you?nah, it's not for me.
jerry, if anybody should be doing this, it's you.
what of a person are you?i think i'm pretty much like you-- only successful.
this is a wonderful thing you're doing.
 they're so grateful just to have someone to talk to.
 and i can tell you that everyone who participates finds the experience extremely rewarding.
well, i feel better already.
 i'm feelin like a good person.
good luck.
thank you.
hey, what's your guy's name again?fields.
 sidney fields.
 .
 how about your guy?ben cantwell.
 .
 huh you think we'll make it to that age? ? no.
so what's up, diggity dog?george and i just signed up with the senior citizen's volunteer agency.
 same thing elaine's doing.
oh, that's too bad.
 now don't say i didn't try to warn you.
what're you talkin about?oh, jerry, i'm at you!what?it's a .
where do you this?the alternative media, jerry.
 that's where you hear the truth.
kramer?! kramer!? where are you? kramer!?! kramer!!?i'm in here.
 c'mon hello, jerry, george.
 [to kramer] so, did you ask him about the records?well--what records?well, newman and i are going partners selling used records.
you know ron's records down on bleeker? they pay big cash for used records!yeah, so we thought if you had any of those big, y'know, old-fashioned useless records, y'know, just lyin around--y'know, we'd take them off your hands, free of charge.
let me ask you something.
 what do you do for a living, newman?i'm a united states postal worker.
aren't those the guys that always go crazy and come back with a gun and shoot everybody?sometimes why that?because the mail never stops.
 it just keeps coming and coming and coming, there's never a let-up.
 it's relentless.
 every day it piles up more and more and more! and you gotta get it out but the more you get it out the more it keeps coming in.
 and then the bar code reader breaks and it's day!!!i'll give you five bucks.
five bucks???well, you know how much those records are worth!?yeah, i do fi dollars.
those records are worth more than five dollars![in newman's ear] he's gyppin us you're gyppin us!well, whattya got here, y'know, you got don ho: live at honolulu', you got jerry vale sings italian love songs you got sergio mendes, now come on wait, wait, wait sergio mendes has a cult following.
they follow him like a cult.
he can't even walk down the street in south america look, that's his problem, alright? now you don't like it, too bad.
[in newman's ear] i don't like it i don't like it.
well, then get the hell out of my store, alright? you bring me something decent, i'll give you some money.
[in newman's ear] alright, well be back, jack.
alright, well be back !hi, i'm jerry seinfeld, the agency sent me.
agency?yeah, is this sid field's residence?sid fields.
what the is it?mr.
 fields?what!?!hi, i'm jerry seinfeld, the agency sent me.
agency? what agency? the ?no, no, the--who let you in here?the woman, she--oh she doesn't speak english.
 plays that freakin 'voo-doo music, tries to hypnotize me.
 she thinks she's gonna turn me into a zombie and then rob me blind.
 well, i wasn't born yesterday.
 i may drop dead today, but i sure as hell wasn't born yesterday.
 now get the hell out of my house mr.
 fields, i'm here to spend some time with you.
oh, really.
 are you the boyfriend? i know she's got a boyfriend.
 are you going to me? i'm an old man for crying out loud, you gonna kill an old man, you coward?!? [jerry gets out card]no, mr.
 field, look, really i'm--i can't read that you fool what's all this stuff?trash.
 garbage.
you're throwin this out??i believe that's what you do with garbage, you idiot.
you don't want any of this?well if i wanted it i wouldn't be throwing it away, .
you know i have some friends who would really like to have these.
well, take it.
 i'm sure as hell not going to give it to my family.
well, do you want to go out for a walk, get a cup of coffee with you? i'd rather be dead.
well, maybe i'll get goin then.
 i just remembered i got an appointment to get my, um, tonsils out.
good.
 thank god.
 good riddance.
 [pause] oh listen, before you go, would you mind changing my diaper? haa!!no, i feel great for .
y'know the average life span for an american male is like, .
 you're really kinda pushin the envelope there.
i'm not afraid of dyin'.
 i never think about it.
you don't? boy, i think about it a lot.
 i think about it at my age.
 imagine how much i'll be thinkin about it at your age.
 all i'll do is keep thinkin about it until it drives me insane i'm grateful for every moment i have.
grateful? how can you be grateful when you're close to the end? when you know that any second-- poof! bamm-o! it can all be over.
 i mean you're not stupid, you can read the handwriting on the wall.
 it's a matter of simple arithmetic, for gods sake i guess i just don't care.
what are you talking about? how can you sit there and look me in the eye and tell that me you're not worried?! don't you have any ?!! don't you have a brain!? are you so completely senile that you don't know what you're talkin about anymore!!?!wait a second, where are you going?life's too short to waste on you.
wait a minute, please--get out of my way but mr.
 cantwell, you you owe me for the soup mrs.
 oliver?yes my dear.
ooh!what's the trouble? are you alright?yeah.
 yeah.
 yes.
 yeah.
it's my goiter, isn't it?did you say goiter? what goiter?this football-shaped lump jutting out the side of my neck.
oh, goiter.
 hey heh heh heh whaddya know does it bother you?bother me? oh, phhbt why would a little goiter like that bother me? no, not a bit.
 it's nothing.
 it's nothin', it's um, in fact, it's um, it's very distinctive, y'know? um, i mean you want to know something? i, i wish i had one.
 [pause] really.
c'mon elaine, it's just a goiter i don't know what i'm going to do.
 i can't look the woman in the face.
 i mean i keep thinkin that that goiter's gonna start talkin to me you'd think they'd mention that before they send you over there: oh, by the way, this woman has a second head'.
 but no, no, i didn't get any goiter information.
they really should mention that in the breakdown: height, weight, goiter.
y'know you try to do some good.
 you want to be a good person but this is too much to ask.
yeah, well, i'll tell ya, i'd rather talk to a goiter with a nice disposition than the nut they sent me to.
hey georgie, what happened with your guy?i don't think it's gonna work out whattya mean?he fired me.
he fired you?!? do you get fired from a volunteer job?i dunno.
 i was just talking to the man and he walked out on me!well, i dunno about you two, but i'm quitting.
 i hate my guy.
 he's a mean, mean guy.
i wish i could quit so quit!yeah, i'm a great quitter.
 it's one of the few things i do well.
 i come form a long line of quitters.
 my father was a quitter, my grandfather was a quitter i was raised to give up.
well, here's your [journey escape is on top, btw ]what happened?five dollars.
 he offered us dollars.
hey, what kind of stuff are you listening to? you me at that store.
that guy thought we were a couple of total squares.
oh yeah, you and your hey, hey, hey, hey, that guy can't even go to the bathroom in south america!well you shoulda seen the pile of albums this old guy i was visiting today was throwing away: sinatra, duke ellington, al jolson, benny goodman wait, wait, wait, now he's throwin them out??yeah, and then i asked him if my friend could have them and he said yeah.
okay [in kramer's ear] the old coot's sittin on a mountain of gold!yeah but you're going to have to go get em.
 i'm not carryin them all.
yeah, but you've gotta come with us.
yeah, i'm goin there today.
 in fact you should see this house keeper he's got.
 she's from senegal [and, ala carson] wild, wild, stuff senegal?so you don't speak english at all?english? no.
hey, what are those bums doin back there?well you said they could come and take the records.
it's like watchin a couple of hyenas goin through the garbage.
you don't speak english?no english.
i would like to dip my bald head in oil and rub it all over your body.
 [no reaction] you don't understand! it's a miracle! you don't understand because you don't speak english!so mr.
 fields i just don't know if this arrangement is--hey, i don't like what's goin on around here.
 i want all you bums outta here.
now calm down, mr.
 fields now don't tell me to calm down get your hands off of me! why you little oooow! he's biting me!my teeth! my teeth!where's his teeth! where's his teeth!i thought i saw something fly over here well turn the light on that's the garbage disposal!my teeth! you idiots!!!and we would take long automobile trips--oh, well, that sounds like a lot of fun staring out the window--uh huh you'd see a long view of rolling pastures and--well, that'll get you goin right there big, roaming cows--cows, well that's fascinating that's when i began my affair with mohandas.
what?mohandas.
ghandhi?oh, the --you had an affair with ghandhi? mrs.
 o: he used to dip his bald head in oil and rub it all over my body.
 here, look [shows elaine a picture of the two together]oh, my god the mohatma?twenty bucks.
twenty bucks?!? are you out of your mind?well, take it or leave it.
take it or leave it!? we got !!now what the hell do i care about al jolson.
 i'd just assume her you sing mammy'.
 heh heh heh [in newman's ear] this guy's nothin but a piece of crap you are nothing but a piece of crap.
pardon me?[in newman's ear] a piece of crap a piece of crap.
[in newman's ear] i find you extremely ugly i find you extremely ugly.
 you?[in newman's ear] you emit a foul and unpleasant odour you emit a foul and unpleasant odour.
oh, is that right?[in newman's ear] i you i you.
that's it.
 get out of my store![in newman's ear] make us.
make us!oh, i'll make you!do you realize how irresponsible this is? our agency's sole purpose is to care for senior citizens.
 and in one fell swoop you've single- handedly destroyed our reputation.
yes, but--[into intercom] yes?it's tim fields, mr.
 fields son.
alright, c'mon up.
[to rep] i dunno what happened, we were just trying to take him to the dentist.
why were you taking him to the dentist?um, well, his false teeth got mangled up in the garbage disposal--what were his false teeth doing in the garbage disposal?well, after he bit my friend--bit your friend?!what the a human being?!i, i'm sorry.
and who were these other people.
 what were they doing in the apartment!?well, i brought them up there to take his records--take his ? do you realize how valuable that record collection is?hey.
there you are.
 did you find him?no, y'know we took the old man's records over to ron's and he tried to us so we got in a fight.
it was a real melee.
yeah, a real brouhaha oh, hi jerry.
hi, sidra.
 i usually last about ten minutes on a stairmaster.
 unless of course there's someone stretching in front of me in a leotard, then i can go an hour.
really.
oh, yeah.
 that's why they call it a stairmaster.
 you get up there and you stare.
well, i'm done.
 i think i'm gonna go take a sauna.
alright, i'll see you thursday night, right?thursday night.
alright.
good workout?tremendous workout.
that's a pretty girl.
tremendous girl.
she's the one you went out with last night?yeah.
 i really like her.
you know, uh they're fake.
what? don't say that!nah! they're fake!how do you know?i can tell.
 you know how you're always bragging how you can spot a lesbian?i'm not bragging, i happen to have a very keen lesbian eye.
 oh, right.
 c'mon, don't you think they seem a bit too perfect?yes, they do!i never knew you were so into breasts.
 i thought you were a leg man.
a leg man? why would i be a leg man? i don't need legs.
 i have legs.
 have you ever seen her naked in the locker room?no.
oh, well, then i can't accept your testimony.
 maybe if you had seen her naked.
i don't want to see her naked.
well, i do.
well, that's your problem.
look, you made the allegation.
 the least you could do is follow up.
jerry, what am i gonna do? i'm gonna go in there and spy on her in the sauna?yes! go in there! do a little investigative journalism.
 i need to know!but a few more dates and you can find out for yourself!don't be so sure.
 look at george - he's on his ninth date with betsy, he still hasn't gotten anywhere with her.
what's his problem?well, every time he tries to make a move, something screws up.
 like on their last date, they were on the couch, but she was sitting on his wrong side.
wrong side?yeah, she was on his right side.
 he can't make a move with his left hand.
 can't go left.
he can't go left.
no! i'm lefty, can't go right.
 what about women? do they go left or right?nah, we just play defense.
can i ask you a question? would you mind switching seats?oh, actually, i really prefer to sit here.
 i don't hear very well out of this ear so, i always try to sit to the right of people.
i'll shout.
well, i really think i feel more comfortable here.
c'mon, c'mon see, now, is that so bad?what? no, no, the machine'll get it no, no, it's not on they'll call back.
but george, what if it's an emergency?in the whole world right now, there's maybe three emergencies.
 why would you think, on this entire planet, that you're one of those three?george, please.
 oh my god!alright, maybe four.
so, when's the funeral? well, aunt clarice was so ill, i guess it was really a blessing.
 you're sure?positive! this chick's playin with confederate money.
well then, that's it.
 that's the end of that.
what? just cause of that?just cause of that? it's like finding out mickey mantle corked his bat!oh, come on! you've dated women with nosejobs, what's the difference?you don't touch the nose! you don't aspire to reach the nose.
 you don't unhook anything to get to a nose, and no man has ever tried to look up a woman's nostril.
you've put a lot of thought into this, haven't you?well, i take it very seriously.
you know, sometimes when i think you're the shallowest man i've ever met, you somehow manage to drain a little more out of the pool.
hey.
hey.
 you know, i do kinda wonder what fake breast feel like.
well, i know what they feel like.
you? how do you know?well, i lived in los angeles for three months.
i thought you hated los angeles.
i do! i just miss the warm weather, y'know? jeez.
 oh man, i wish i could get away.
real busy now down at the office?no.
 huh? you know who i saw at the health club? salman rushdie.
yeah right, salman rushdie.
 yeah well, i can see that - you got five millions moslems after you, you wanna stay in pretty good shape.
i know what the problem is - i like her too much.
 that's why i can't make a move.
you put her on a pedestal.
i put them on a dental chair.
he puts em on a dental chair.
i'm not her boyfriend.
 i want to be her boyfriend.
whoo.
 it's like a sauna in here.
that's funny.
 you're a funny guy.
yeah, funny.
 yeah, i never heard that before.
 to the funeral?why, you think i should?what, are you kidding? it's a golden opportunity to advance the relationship.
 she's crying, you put your arm around her and console her you're the consolation guy!i'm the consolation guy ?consolation guy is big.
her aunt dying is the best thing that ever happened to you.
it's like ten dates in one shot.
this confers upon you instant boyfriend status.
 the family's there you're taking care of things you're gettin the sandwiches you're the rock!it's in detroit though, it's an expensive flight.
why don't you get a death in the family fare?what?you go to the airlines, you tell them you got a death in the family? they give you % off the fare.
really?in fact, listen i'll go down there with ya.
 you know, we'll tell them there's a death in my family, you buy the ticket, i'll split it then i'll get the bonus miles and you'll get to detroit for a quarter of the price!so anyway, we go out on one date, he asks me out for a second, then out of nowhere he cancels the date and says he doesn't want to see me again.
uh sorry, i couldn't help overhearing.
oh, that's o.
k.
did he give you a reason?yeah.
 he's going back to his old girlfriend.
really?he said she's mentally ill.
 he's one of those guys who is obsessed with neatness and order? everything has gotta be just so.
 he would have made a great nazi.
hey, does he ever talk about superman?yes! how did you know?oh, i know the type.
so you can relate?oh, yeah.
you know, i've seen you around the club.
 my name's sidra.
 this is marcy.
oh, hi.
 i'm elaine.
 so anyway, i stood up to shake her hand, then suddenly i lost my balance and i fell right into her.
you fell on her?i touched em.
you what?i touched 'em.
you touched em?!i needed them to help me break my fall! if it hadn't been for them, i could have really injured myself!wow.
anyway they're real.
excuse me?!i think they might be real.
oh, what do you know, you have no breast touching experience.
i've touched mine!so have i.
oh, right i forgot.
 anyway, touching two breasts doesn't make you an expert.
alright, well anyway, i think they're real.
 and if they are, i must say they are spectacular.
aw, what are you doin to me? you see, my friend here, his aunt passed away last night.
oh, i'm very sorry.
i saw her last week, she looked healthy and peaceful, but she knew you poor thing!i i you don't think you can buy the ticket yourself ? no, there, there you sit, and i'll purchase the ticket for you.
you're a good friend.
i understand you offer a %-off bereavement fare ?yes, all you have to do is pay the full fare now, then return to any one of our counters with a copy of the death certificate, and we'll refund half your fare.
the death certificate?yes, yes, we do need documentation or you know, people could take advantage.
what kind of a sick person would do a thing like that?i know! but it happens.
you want my friend to ask his uncle, a man who just lost his wife of years, for a death certificate so that he can save a few bucks on a flight?that would be $ round-trip.
alright, so you'll need my frequent flyer number, huh?yes.
i don't know, one minute you say they're fake, the next minute you think they're real i don't know what to believe!hey, of the two of us, i'm the only one who's touched em.
but you were just grabbing on to them to save your life.
 if you were drowning and i threw you a life preserver, you think you could tell me if it was an inflatable?i wouldn't have said anything if i knew you were going to stop seeing her!well, i don't mind someone with a phony personality, but i gotta draw the line somewhere.
hey!hey.
 george off to detroit?yep! and, in two days, i'm off to puerto rico.
hey kramer, by the way, i saw that guy at the health club that is not salman rushdie.
pffft - wrong.
there's sidra.
there's salman.
where?talkin to that woman.
talkin to sidra?if that's sidra, she's talkin to salman.
i don't think that's salman.
well, i don't think they're real.
if that's rushdie, they're real.
if they're real, that's rushdie.
well, i gotta know - i'm talkin to sidra.
i gotta know, i'm talkin to salman.
it's like a sauna in here, huh? i feel like i'm back at the desert.
oh, yeah.
 yeah, i've uh i've spent a little time in the mideast.
 you ever been to the mideast?my name's kramer.
so, uh what kind of work do you do?have you met my boyfriend george?no! george, this is aunt may, and father jessup.
 oh, and that's my brother, timmy.
 this is my boyfriend, george.
oh george, how nice of you to come all this way.
well, i'm the boyfriend.
 otherwise, what's the point of being the boyfriend? this is where you have to be when you're the boyfriend.
betsy, dear, have you had anything to eat?i'm not very hungry.
they have some very nice snacks.
i'm about to get myself a snack.
oh, no, no, no you sit right here i will get you a nice snack.
this is my third wake this month.
 it never gets any easier.
well, losing a loved is, uh i mean, forget about it.
 you seem to be of great comfort to betsy, we're very appreciative.
oh - comfort, schmomfort.
 listen, father, can i ask you a question? in a terrible time like this who would i get the death certificate from?c'mon jerry!oh, how can you be so sure?jerry, are you blind? he's a writer.
 he said his name was sal bass.
 bass, jerry! instead of salmon, he went with bass! he just substituted one fish for another!look, you idiot, first of all, it's salman, not salmon!jerry, jerry, you're missing the big picture!alright, maybe it is, but listen, i gotta get ready - sidra's coming over in a few minutes, so if you don't mind what, did you ask her?i'm gonna find out tonight.
oh, yes indeed why do you need a death certificate?well, dr, allenwood, uh i was hoping to compile an - admittedly, rudimentary - scrapbook of her life.
 something that betsy could have, and hold onto.
well, i suppose i could make a copy of it.
oh, that would be wonderful.
it was very nice meeting you, george.
likewise.
what are you doing?what?did did you just double-dip that chip?excuse me?you double-dipped the chip!'double-dipped'? what are you talking about?you dipped the chip.
 you took a bite.
 and you dipped again.
so ?that's like putting your whole mouth right in the dip! from now on, when you take a chip - just take one dip and end it!well, i'm sorry, timmy but i don't dip that way.
 oh, you don't, huh?no.
 gimme the chip! i don't know what i'm doing here, i must be crazy.
 hey, would you mind switching seats?why?oh, i don't know i just like sitting to the left of people, makes me feel like i'm driving.
o.
k .
 how ya doin'?good.
 how you doin'?good, feel good you know that jayne mansfield had some big breasts.
 really big, huge just coming out the top of her dress, they were like, chokin her.
i hear that's how she died.
have you noticed that women today are, you know, they seem bigger.
well, a lot of women are having them done.
really?yeah.
how do you like that.
a lot of people ask me if i've had mine done.
aw, you know people.
it gets a little tiring, it's really none of their business.
oh, the nerve.
 you know, some people have asked me if you've uh, done that.
what do you tell them?whatever you want me to tell them.
well, i think you'll find out soon enough.
 t you going to get that?no.
what if it's an emergency?oh, there's no emergency jerry! c'mon, it's an emergency!excuse me.
 re interrupting!well, you know, i'm packing for puerto rico, i need to borrow your bathing suit.
this is an emergency? you need a bathing suit?well, i like yours.
i don't know, my bathing suit? that's a little familiar, i don't want your your boys down there.
c'mon, what's wrong with my boys?your boys should stay in their neighborhood.
alright, c'mon!alright.
 it's in the top drawer.
 hurry up.
 hi, jer.
oh, hi, elaine.
oh hi, sidra -hi elaine? what are you doing here?i'm looking for kramer.
yeah, she was just showing me pictures of places i can visit when i go to puerto rico you know, when you two went down there?oh.
 yeah.
 alright.
 so, where were we?i was just leaving.
right, you were leaving.
i can't believe you sent a woman into the sauna to do that.
that was an accident!i think you're both mentally ill.
 stop it, george! get out! get out! i never want to see you again!go back to new york! get out!well, you see, what happened was the doctor - the very same doctor that was attending to my late aunt - suffered an untimely stroke, and lost the use of his right hand, so obviously i was unable to get the death certificate.
 however, i do have this.
 that's a picture of me next to the coffin.
not even close, huh?you met her at the supermarket? how did you do that? s squeezing and smelling it just happened.
 re you gonna see her?tonight.
what's her name?i don't know how could you not know her name?i was a little nervous, i got distracted.
 it has something to do with a car, or a fish look at that.
 why do i get bananas? they're good for day oh my god, i forgot to tell you.
 i got a letter today from the state controller's office.
 y'know when i was going to public school back in brooklyn, every week i used to put fifty cents in the lincoln savings bank.
yeah, i did that too.
yeah, you remember the, the little eh, bank book, there?sure.
alright, so i haven't put anything in it since sixth grade, i completely forgot about it.
 the state controller's office tracks me down.
 the interest has accumulated to , dollars.
 , dollars! they're sending me a cheque!wow!hu-yeah, interest.
 it's an amazing thing.
 you make money without doing anything y'know i have some friends who try and base their whole life on that principle.
really? who?nobody you know maybe i'll go down to the track.
 put it all on a horse why don't you put it in the ?the it.
 i wanna make a big score! it yeah all right .
ya got it, eh.
yes i did.
yes.
what's with the gloves?well, i'm staining my floors, y'know, i don't want to get my hands dirty huh.
 what, the whole apartment?the whole apartment.
 and i'm buying that fake wood wallpaper.
 i'm gonna surround myself in wood.
 it's gonna be like a log cabin.
 cuz i wood around me.
 wood, jerry [snaps fingers] wood.
wood is good.
definitely.
so we're still going to the health club to play racquetball right?yeah, yeah, whenever you're ready.
o.
k.
, soon as elaine gets here.
yep.
what, you rented home alone'?yeah.
i thought you saw that already no, i saw home alone ii'.
oh, right but you it!well i was lost, i never saw the first one.
 by the way, you mind if i watch it here?what for?because if i watch it at my apartment i feel like i'm not doing anything.
 if i watch it here, i'm out of the house; i'm doing something.
all right go ahead.
yeah? s me, are you ready to go?no.
 come on up.
i can't work with these!what's wrong?well, you bought me dishwashing gloves.
 there's no you said gloves' no, no, these are too thick.
 oooh, is that home alone'?yeah.
 the .
hey boys-o! heyyyyyyyy.
hey, how's it goin'?hello.
 s get going.
well wait a minute, there's a slight change of plans.
what?eh, remember roy, the artist?oh, the triangle guy.
yeah, exactly, the triangle guy.
yeah, you liked him.
 what happened with him?yeah i did.
 he was very talented.
 he was, ah just, i don't know a little too artsy?fat.
oh.
 he was a fat, starving artist, y'know.
 that's very rare.
yeah.
anyway, he's in the hospital, he's having surgery and i feel like should go visit him.
what's wrong with him?unh, something with his spleen.
 anyway it'll just take five minutes, o.
k.
, and then, the hospital is right on the way.
yeah.
 all right we'll wait for you.
yeah, maybe i can get some rubber gloves there huh, yea.
listen, jerry can you do me a favor? know interested.
oh, you want me to pretend to be your boyfriend.
well well i think i can do that.
 i believe i've played that role before to some critical acclaim.
aha ha ha all right, lets go.
all right yep yep yep.
what's with him?y'know a lot of people have asked that roy! .
  oh, my ! i hardly recognize you! you look so yeah, ya know, i've lost some weight a of weight.
 i know.
aha hu, you look .
thank you.
 so do you.
ah hahaha hhuu ha ah, this is uh you lost weight.
thank you.
jerry, uh, i'm the boyfriend.
 doctor wittenberg, outside call.
 doctor wittenberg, outside call.
ahaaaaaaaaaa!  ahh.
doctor wittenberg, outside call.
ah, the mother lode! i can't believe it! you were ! like blubber! i couldn't even get my arms around you yesss, i remember.
ahahaha.
 well that's the positive thing about getting sick, you get to lose weight.
elaine, it wasn't the illness.
 it was you.
me? t eat for weeks.
 !really, it's the truth.
jerry, did you hear this? he couldn't eat for weeks that's terrible i had no idea i had that kind of effect on you.
you did.
you know i can't get this to sleep.
 now listen roy, tell me something.
 when, are you gettin out of here?next thursday.
okay, i'll tell you what.
 how about on friday i take you out for a thin honey aren't we going to the poconos next friday?no that's the week after.
no, i believe it's next week.
you're wrong.
no i'm not shut up pay dirt! uh roy, this is uh kramer -- he's one of our friends.
oh, how do you do?yeah i do great, yeah.
hi roy.
oh, hey dr.
 siegel.
hey doc, check this out.
 [does an around-the-world with the yo-yo]heey.
i learned that.
  a-hu.
 i just wanted to stop by -- see if you had any questions about tomorrow's operation.
ah, yeah yeah, i have a - i have a question, um -- what do you know about inter-abdominal retractors?are you asking because you saw / last night?i sure am.
well that report was about very specific type of retractor and i can assure you we do not use that retractor in your friend's procedure.
but you use a retractor.
we have to mmm-hmm tell you what.
 you're obviously concerned about your friend's welfare.
 a few of my students will be observing tomorrow's operation from the viewing gallery.
 how would you like to watch it with them?i'd love to watch the operation, yeah!i dunno oh, come on jerry.
 you gotta see the operation.
 they're gonna cut him open -- his guts'll be all over the place yeah, that's true  they'll saw through bone.
 uuuuuuuing yutyutyutyutn naannnaaa [makes saw noises while gesturing over roy's chest] you'll see what's bone ttu ttu.
hey.
hi what are doing, you crying??no you crying from home alone'??the old man got to me.
alright, just get yourself together i dunno if i can be friends with you anymore after this display.
oh shut up! what are you doing back so soon, anyway? oh, i never even got to the gym.
 kramer got the gloves, wanted to come home and start working on his floor.
oh.
 how's the guy?oh, he's okay.
 in fact him and elaine are getting ah, pretty chummy.
 now elaine wants me to buy some of his art.
 hnh.
 that's nerve yeah, so she and triangle boy can go out to fancy restaurants.
 y'know what it is? it's clara nightingale syndrome.
 he falls ill; she falls in love.
you mean florence nightingale.
 what'd i say? clara?yeah, you must have meant clara barton.
 clara barton? what did she do?i'm not sure, but i think she was nice.
 susan b.
 anthony i think i'd have a problem with.
yeah, i think you would.
so, you gonna buy his art?no.
 why don't you buy it? you got , dollars.
yeah, that's what i want-- triangles.
 alright, i'm outta here.
 have fun with what's-her-name.
i will.
y'know, now you gotta ask her her name.
 it's so embarrassing.
no, it isn't.
 i can find out.
yeah? how?there are ways.
y'know i remember when i was a kid growin up, kids would make fun of my name like you wouldn't believe-- jerry jerry dingleberry', and-hu seinsmelled' 'seinsmelled'?yeah.
 a-hu.
 what about you? did people make fun of your name?are you kidding? they were merciless! what do you expect when your name rhymes with a part of the female anatomy? of course, not everybody can be as sweet as you are.
oh, oh jerry oh now let's try breast' celeste kest no.
rest sest hest 'hest'? that's not a name.
what, you should've just asked her.
i know, i should've asked her.
what're you gonna do now?i dunno.
 i can't ask her now; i've already made out with her.
 once you make out with a woman, you can't ask her her name.
aretha! no bovary! alright, that's enough.
 alright, well you know what'cha gotta do, you gotta go through her purse.
 y'know, the-the credit cards, driver's license how am i gonna do that?when she goes to the bathroom.
ah, there you are.
 my date stood me up.
 listen, will you guys go to the operation with me?you asked a date to go to the operation?yeah so c'mon, you say?what kind of operation is it?spleenectomy.
isn't that where they remove the--no no, don't ruin it for me, i haven't seen it yet! ah-c'mon, what d'you say?mulva! mulva? c'mon, c'mon.
 you wanna go? mon.
 yeah, yeah, yeah.
alright, alright.
 just let me finish my coffee then we'll watch em go slice this fat bastard up.
 now we'll open the peritoneal cavity, exposing the body's internal organs.
 nurse-- retractor.
what are you eating?junior mints.
 do you want one?no now, i can't see psst .
 psst  cou, ye, ge y-ea where'd you get those?the machine.
 you want one?no.
here, take one.
i don't want one.
no, they're good! take one i don't want any!just take one.
no! stop it! kramer, stop it! did it go in?ge-- over the balcony, bounced off some respirator thing the patient!what do you mean into the patient'?into the patient, !into the hole?yes, the hole!didn't they notice it?no!how could they not notice it?!?because it's a little mint.
 it's a mint.
w-ca-what did they do?they sealed him up with the mint inside.
they him?yes!i-i guess it can't hurt him people eat of those things.
yes they them.
 they don't put them next to vital organs in their abdominal cavity!yeah.
it's me.
come on up.
hey.
 this wallpaper is good.
 my place looks like a ski lodge!why did you force that mint on me? i told ya i didn't want the mint!well, i didn't believe you.
how could you not believe me?!?well who's gonna turn down a junior mint? it's chocolate, it's peppermint-- it's !that's true.
it's very refreshing!well, just don't say anything about this to elaine prognosis negative.
prognosis !?he's not doing well, the doctors don't know what it is.
 they're baffled.
oh, my god just my luck, y'know just when he's getting thin and attractive.
 y'know jerry, you should buy some of his art.
 that would really lift his spirits.
it's that bleak? mmm y'know if the guy dies, the art could really be worth something we gotta confess.
really?yes!we could be tried for murder i can't have this on my conscience.
 we're like leopold and loeb! you're not gonna say anything, you got that?i'm telling and you can't stop me!you're !!!hey elaine? put me down for some of that art.
 , dollars worth.
oh yeah, that's the spot what're you so tense about?oh, nothing really, just a homicide.
 [she finds the right spot on his back] oh that's terrific mulva.
what?mulva?mulva?oh my eh, my aunt's name is mulva.
 she's-she's a masseuse.
huh.
yeah.
um, i'm going to the bathroom.
 i'll be right back.
oh, good idea what are you doing?oh, i was just looking for er, some gum or mint.
oh, i have junior mints.
no! [throws her purse back at her] no, i mean, no thank you, nah any news?[whispering] no, no news.
 you better get out of here.
oh.
oh no, wait a second wait a second i-i don't know the name of this woman in the bathroom, so when she comes out, you introduce yourself and then she'll be forced to say her name.
 - .
o.
k.
 oh, hello.
hello, i'm kramer.
nice to meet you.
see you later.
 well, i better get going.
 i don't want to be late for the play.
 oh, okay.
y'know my cousin knows the producer.
 i may get to go backstage and meet olympia dukakis.
oh, hey, there's a name you don't forget.
mm.
 bye jerry.
bye.
oh, hi.
oh, hi, i'm george.
 oh, nice to meet you, george.
yeahaha, i gave it a shot no, i haven't heard anything.
hehe.
 well, i got my triangles.
 really yup, y'know, they really spruce up the apartment.
yeah, i'm sure well, i-i gotta call the hospital.
 i gotta tell em what happened.
no-no jerry.
 i wouldn't do that.
why?ehh, you could get in trouble.
look, i gotta try and help the guy.
who are you to play god!? every man's time comes! if his number is up, who are you to interfere!?yes i'd like to speak with dr.
 siegel it's about roy kordic's condition w-what? what?oh, that's !he didn't get better, did he?thank you very much.
 o.
k.
 bye-bye.
 he's gonna be okay!where's the luck? there's no luck.
 , dollars down the drain.
you saved my life, george.
 you buying my art is what inspired me to get better.
 i'll never forget what'cha did for me.
oh, well th-that's great.
 it's really great.
 hm hm mm.
y'know, art's a great investment.
and they're gonna look great in your apartment, george.
yes i look forward to many years of looking at the triangles.
 well, i'll ah, i'll wait for you outside.
hey, george yeah.
awe, alrightthat's nice.
thanks roy.
heeyy - there's the guy who saved my life.
 y'know i don't want to totally discount the emotional element in your recovery but, i think there were other factors at play here.
what do you mean?i have no medical evidence to back me up but, something happened during the operation that staved off that infection.
 something beyond science.
 something perhaps, from above  mint?those can be very refreshing.
so elaine where are we going for our big dinner on friday? uh-m, uh i'm so sorry roy, but actually, we are going to the, poconos on friday, right honey? i don't think so we are that means that we ah, we are i believe we're not  hunh, please can we go to the poconos?well, i'll think about it great seats.
 you could see the actors spitting.
really uh-huh.
 and afterwards we went backstage and olympia dukakis autographed my playbill.
oh, wait a second, you got her autograph?yeah.
do you have it with you?yeah, it's in my purse.
ah, le'me see.
 y'know i really think i'm falling for you, jerry seinfeld.
 oh, well, i really think i'm falling for you [opens the playbill and flips five pages till he finds and reads autograph] joseph puglia i had it autographed for my uncle.
yeah, i-i know  t know my name, do you?yes i do.
what is it?it-it rhymes with a female body part.
what is it?mulva aub, ah, gipple?loleola?oh! oh! !ages zero through ten, candy is your life.
 there's nothing else.
 family, friends, school-- they're only obstacles in the way of getting more candy.
 and you have your favorite candies that you love.
 you know the ones i love those i hate those ''.
 ``i hate those i love those ''.
 and only a seven year old kid could actually taste the difference between like a red m&m and a light brown, m&m.
 that's two totally different things when you're seven years old.
 well, your red is more of a main course m&m, but the brown it's more of a mellower flavor; it's an after dinner m&m, really''.
 and it embarrassing, because a doggie bag means either you are out at a restaurant when you aren't hungry, or you've chosen the stupidest possible way to get dog food that there is.
 how about the doggie bag on a date? that's a good move for a guy, huh? lemme tell you something: if you're a guy and you ask for the doggie bag on a date, you might as well have them just wrap up your genitals too.
 you're not going to be needing those for awhile, either.
is that bothering you?no, not at all oh, could you please hurry?[mockingly] please hurry'.
 look at you.
 look at what you've become.
what? what have i become? i haven't become anything oh, can't wait a few more minutes?i don't want to keep him waiting he'll like you more that's impossible andrew, why do you have to pick your teeth at the table?leave me alone.
yeah, i'm wanting to get married soon so, where am i dropping you?his place this guy's got quite a racket.
 i take you to dinner and then drop you off at his apartment  he gets the rest of my chicken so, is tonight the night'?you never know oooh! bay-bee !boy, do you smell something?do i smell something? what am i, hard of smelling? of i smell something.
what is it?i think it's b.
o.
!what?it's b.
o.
 the must have had b.
o.
it be.
 nobody has b.
o.
 like this.
jerry.
 it's .
but the whole car smells.
so?so when somebody has b.
o.
, the o usually stays with the b'.
 once the b leaves, the o goes with it.
i can't believe you ski!i'm a great skier.
yeah? what else?let's see i ski, i fish, i pillage, i plunder [delightedly] oh! you pillage and plunder'? when i travel.
see? finally, i get to meet a man who pillages and plunders! i'm so lucky.
this'll only take a second.
yeah, i'm going to poke around [to himself] hey, whatd'ya know? look at that! a fascinating.
 why is that? because they don't want us.
 you gotta respect that [to himself] oh, my god! it's susan! what do i do?george?[to himself] argh! [to susan] susan! hi! oh, boy! what are you doing here?!renting a video! what do you got there?oh, some stupid movie this is mona.
oh, hi pleasure to meet you.
yes.
 well well, i'll let you two, uh catch up.
you okay?yeah.
 yes! i just haven't seen you in a long time.
and you didn't expect me to be holding hands with a woman.
oh, ! i've always encouraged experimentation! i'm the first guy in the pool! who do you think you're talking to?i who i'm talking to.
of course you do it's just, uh, y'know, i-i never , uh, that, uh i liked women?there you go.
so, uh, how long has this been going on?since you and i broke up.
ssssso, after me, you went that way?yeah.
oh, i think that's fantastic.
 good for you.
 nice.
 that's very nice.
so, what have you got there?oh, i, uh--oh, ``rochelle, rochelle''it's a foreign movie a , is what it is, actually.
yeah a lot of nudity in that, huh?no, no, no just a nudity next.
oh, that's me.
alright, well good seeing you, george.
yes, good to see you, too.
 and good luck with, uh with the whole thing, there.
uh, what are you returning?[embarrassed pause] ``rochelle, rochelle''.
ah, ``rochelle, rochelle'' a young girl's strange, erotic journey from milan to minsk' uh, that'll be, uh $ .
 .
$ .
 ? it says $ .
 .
well, you didn't rewind it.
 there's a $ .
 charge for not rewinding.
what! there's no signs here! this is an outrage!george, don't give him any money for that.
 it'll cost you less to keep it another day, rewind it and bring it back tomorrow.
 don't give him the satisfaction.
i'm not giving you the satisfaction.
 i'm gonna watch it again so, this morning i go down to the garage to check the car out.
 i figure by this time, the odour molecules have had at least twelve hours to de-smellify.
 i open the car door, like a strength throughout the night y'know i can think of at smell than what's livin in your car.
what about skunk?i don't mind skunk.
horse manure?i horse manure.
well, i've never seen anything like this in my life.
 in fact, i went to the car wash, they want dollars to detail it, and get the smell out.
 i'm not payin for that.
 that's not my responsibility.
 in fact, i'm drivin up to that restaurant now, and they pay for it.
absolutely.
listen, lemme ask you something.
 when you're with a guy, and he tells you he has to get up early, what does that mean?it means he's lying.
wow why? is that what he told you?yeah, last night.
 oh, come on men to get up early some time no.
 never.
jerry! i'm i've seen men on the street early in the morning.
well, sometimes we do actually have to get up early, but a man will trade sleep for sex.
is it possible i'm not as attractive as i think i am?anything's what's the matter with you?steinbrenner! he's ruinin my life oh yeah, steinbrenner i don't think i can take another season with him, jerry.
 he'll just trade away their best young prospects, just like he did with beuner, mcgee, drabek mcgriff i know the list what's that smell?what smell?ooooh you stink.
whatd'ya mean i stink?you .
 why don't you go take a shower?i showered! oh, wait a second since i showered, i've been in the car!so?don't you see what's happening here? it's attached itself to me! it's alive!if it attached itself to you, then oh, my god! that's why carl said he had to get up early! because i stink! jerry, he thinks i have b.
o.
! me!what happened?what happened? my car is what happened.
 and it's destroying the lives of everyone in it's path.
what is that? b.
o.
?yeah.
this is b.
o.
i know i was at the car wash this morning and the guy told me in his years in the business, he's never smelled anything like it.
so, let me ask you.
 do you think i could have done this?no, no.
 it's the valet guy.
no, no, i mean, driving susan to lesbianism.
oh no, that's ridiculous.
what if her experience with me her to it?suicide, maybe, not lesbianism.
the woman she's lesbianing with? susan told me she's been with a guy.
oh, this isn't even b.
o.
! this is .
b.
o.
!there should be a b.
o.
 squad that patrols the city like a smell gestapo'.
 to sniff em out, strip em down, and wash them with a big, soapy brush y'know, the funny thing is, somehow i find her more appealing now it's like if i knew she was a lesbian when we went out, i never would've broken up with her.
lemme see if i understand this on second thought here he is that's the guy! ll park it! you go back!what do you mean-- stunk up'?i mean the car ! george, does the car stink?stinks.
stinks!well, perhaps the one who has the odour hey, i've never smelled in my , buddy!really? well, i smell you now.
that's from the car!well, maybe the one who stunk up the car, rather than the car stinking up you!oh, it's the chicken and the egg thank you very much well, then go out and smell the car; see which smells worse.
i don't have time to smell cars.
forget about smelling the car.
 smell the valet.
 go to the source you've gotta smell the cari'm a busy manc'mon! one whiff!alright, one whiff alright! i give up! i admit it! it stinks! now will you let me out!alright, will you pay for the cleaning?yes! dollars! i'll give you dollars!i'm not paying for .
 they've already got my seven dollars [sarcastically] erotic journey from milan to minsk' the valet had such bad b.
o.
?oh, man, just b.
o.
 the o went from the valet's b', to the car, to me.
 it clings to everything.
 jerry thinks it's an entity.
 but i showered and i shampoo'ed, so that's a relief what?it's still there no, no, no! it be! i shampoo'ed! i rinsed! i repeated!listen, i gotta ask you: i was a little concerned that perhaps i was responsible in some way for your, uh metamorphosis.
that'll be $ .
 .
what $ .
 ?that's what i said.
 $ .
 .
how could that piece of cost $ .
 !?so, was it me?oh, don't be ridiculous! is that what you wanted to talk to me about? [gives him the $ ] here.
oh, thanks.
 thanks a lot.
 i'll pay you back.
yeah, i gotta go.
listen.
 let me ask you something.
 if you and mona were ever to dance, how do you decide who leads? i mean do you take turns? do you discuss it beforehand? how does that work?you're an idiot.
why? that's a sociological question.
i'll see ya.
 and george, by the way you stink real bad.
it's not me! it's the car!i didn't think i'd come.
i knew you would.
oh, kramer!we spray everything with ozium-d, let it de-ionise, vacuum the spray out with a de-ionising machine.
 hit it with high-pressure compressed air, and wet-dry vac it to extract the remaining liquids.
 we top it off with one of our seven air-fresheners, in your case, i would recommend the jasmine, or the potpourri.
let's do it.
the first thing we're gonna do is flush the follicles with the five essential oils.
 then, we put you under a vapour machine, and then a heated cap.
 then, we shampoo and shampoo and condition and condition.
 then, we saturate the hair in diluted vinegar-- two parts vinegar, parts water.
 now, if that doesn't work, we have one last resort.
 tomato sauce.
tomato sauce?wait a minute! it still smells! it still smells!it still smells.
it still smells!how could it still smell after all that?i don't know!well, what are you gonna do?i'll tell you what i'm gonna do, i'm selling that car!you're the car!?you don't understand what i'm up against.
 this is a force more powerful than anything you can imagine.
 even would be helpless against this kind of stench.
 and i'll take anything i can get for it.
maybe i'll buy it.
are you crazy? don't you understand what i'm saying to you? this is not just an odour-- you need a to get rid of this thing!i still smell!you see! you see what i'm saying to you? it's a presence! it's the beast!kramer! kramer! kramer, open up, i know you're in there!susan!kramer!what is going on?you know what's going on? first, he vomits on me.
 then, he burns down my father's cabin.
 and now, he's taken mona away from me.
he stole your girlfriend?yes.
 she's in with him.
amazing.
 i drive them to lesbianism, he brings em back.
that's the of what you've accomplished wait a minute, wait a minute.
 kramer, kramer hold on a second.
 i don't get this.
 this woman has life--i'm kramer.
i know what you're going through.
 women.
 who knows what they want?i just don't know what she sees in .
listen.
 you're beautiful.
 you're intelligent.
 you'll meet other girls you think so?yes, i know so.
 you happen to be a very eligible lesbian.
you're very sweet hey, i know what i'm talking about.
 i gotta be honest with you, i gotta tell ya ever since i saw you holding hands with that woman, i can't get you out of my mind.
really?yeah, you're just so hip.
oh, my god what?it's allison.
 i dated her right after you.
 she's obsessed with me.
george?allison! hi! oh, my god! how are you?good.
 you know, you owe me $ right.
 i don't have it on me.
 allison, this is susan.
 susan, allison.
nice to meet you nice to meet you that's a beautiful vest thank you i don't understand it.
 i was with her last night in my apartment; it was very romantic.
 y'know with that fake wood wallpaper, the atmosphere is in there, now.
 it's like a ski lodge.
what year did you say this was?' .
anyway, we were on the couch, i move to hug her, next thing she tells me she's leaving; she's got to get up early.
that's strange how many miles you got on this thing? .
and i was looking good, too.
 i had a nice, new shirt on, i'm wearing jacket wait a second my jacket! i wore that in the car! the beast!i can't sell this car.
this has got to be stopped!so, what do you want to do?sauce me.
hey, is it my imagination, or do really good looking women walk a lot faster than everybody else?we don't walk that fast no seriously seriously, we don't.
the better looking they are, the faster they go! i mean, i see they out there on the street, they're zooming around, like a blur.
 like they have a motor on their ass.
 re gonna miss the previews!hey, how are we gettin to scott drake's party on saturday night?oh, drake's party, i forgot to buy a present.
i gotta buy a present now?of course you do, it's an engagement party.
it never ends, this present stuff! engagement present! then they get married, you gonna have to get them something for that! then the baby, there's another present.
 then the baby starts getting their presents.
 i don't even like drake.
you don't like the drake?hate the drake.
i the drake.
how could you not like the drake?who's the drake?'who's the drake'?the drake is good!so listen, what are you gonna get him?i haven't even met the fiancee! whatever! elaine, look.
 i drew this triangle free-hand.
 it's a doodle.
 it's perfect!so what? that's easy.
easy?hi! hey, have you gotten your present yet for the drake?uh, no, no, not yet.
do you like the drake?i the drake! i'm looking forward to meeting the drakette!i'm lukewarm about the drakette.
 s a nice triangle it's isoscelesooh, isosceles.
 i love the name isosceles.
 if i had a kid, i would name him isosceles.
 isosceles kramer.
hey, you know what, maybe we should all chip in for the gift.
the chip-in!hey, a pretty good idea, huh?yeah!yeah, the chip-in, defenitely!you know what, let's go to that mall in liberal s got the most room.
no, no! my car's not running.
what about your father's car?no, no, no.
 out of the question.
 i was over there today.
 he's got the good spot in front of the good building in the good neighbourhood.
 i know he's not gonna wanna move.
are you serious?you don't know what that spot means to him.
 once he gets it, he doesn't go out for weeks.
how about this, you put your car in the good spot, that'll hold the good spot in front of the good building, and we can get the good car!good thinking!good to meet you!so what are we gonna get him?we could get him anything we wanted, we're chippin in.
i like this area.
 i could live out here.
yeah, we ought to all get a house and live together.
yeah, that's a good idea.
 i'll tell you what chuckles, i give you permission to sublet my room right now.
look at this.
 there's no spaces here.
 out?no!why don't you take a handicap spot you think?no, no! we'll find a space.
 there's spaces in the other lot.
i don't want to walk that far.
what if a handicapped person needs it?oh, come on, they don't drive!yes, they do!have you ever seen a handicapped person pull into a space and park?well there's spaces there, they must drive!well they don't.
 if they could drive, they wouldn't be handicapped.
so if you can drive, you're not handicapped?look, we're not gonna be that long anyway we have to get to the party'!i got news for you: handicapped people, they don't even want to park there! they wanna be treated just like anybody else! that's why, those spaces are always empty.
he's right! it's the same thing with the femenists.
 you know, they want everything to be equal, everything! but when the check comes, where are they?what does that mean?yeah! alright, i'm pulling in.
yeah, go ahead.
george!oh, come on, it's five minutes.
make sure we don't forget where the car's parked.
don't worry.
 we won't forget!do you believe the deal we got on this? a big screen tv? at that price?what a sale, huh? and how about that store, delivering it tonight? we're gonna be swimming in thank you's what did i get the veggie burger for? you got a veggie burger, so i had to get the veggie burger, i'm allover crums no-one's gonna have a better gift than this big screen tv! good for them, love the drake!got to the drake!hey, what's going on over here?must have been an accident  s going on?some jerk parked in a handicap spot, so this woman in a wheelchair had to wheel up this incline, and half way up her batteries gave up, and she rolled backwards into the wall.
 taken her to st.
 elizabeth's is she ok?i don't know.
 we're just waiting here for the owner of this car to show up.
 may not get out alive! thug! taking up a handicap spot? he's gonna pay!son's of bitches! good luck finding them him whatever.
 i'd like to stick around and get my hands on him myself, but i gotta take off.
how are we gonna get out of here? they'll kill us! are you happy now?who would think these people we're gonna be here?i don't know what about the party? what about the drake?screw the drake!i love the drake!let's just take a bus back to the city.
can't leave the car here!why not?it's my father's car!let's smash it!yeah! yeah!let's get out of here.
what are we gonna do? how are we gonna get out of here?the thing is, even if we go back by the car, and there's nobody there, how do we know they're not all hiding, waiting for us?well, they have to give up some time, they can't stay out there all night?what are we, john dillinger? how did this get to be the crime of the century? it's not like we stuck a broomstick in her spokes and she went flying what i don't get is, just because the battery is dead, you think she'd be able to roll up the hill with her hands!you'd think i mean, batteries have gone dead before, aren't they prepared for that?most of them don't even have batteries.
must be one of those rich, spoiled handicapped people, who didn't want to do any work, and just wanted to sit in her wheelchair and take it easy.
yeah well, i'm sorry!our big screen tv is probably arriving right now how are we gonna get out of here? we need a plan!i got it! we give the keys to elaine.
me?yeah! you're a woman! men don't hit a woman!oh, they won't?not if they don't know you i'm not going for this, kramer should go! it was all his idea!no chance in hell!what if we created some sort of diversion? what if we all went by the car and started screaming: there he is, there's the guy that took the handicap spot! and then, when they all run into the other direction, we'll jump in the car!that's good, we'll give it a try that's good that doesn't work, we'll give em kramer!huh? you know, a lot of these scratches will buff right out eight years have i had this car.
 not a scratch on it! eight years!a beautiful mercury! i special-ordered that bench seat!dad, that other car cut us off! they had swastikas all over it they were hurling racial epiphates at us i could have been killed! i told you not to give it to him! t cover this? the whole thing is a total loss!frank, the important thing is, he didn't get hurt!no it isn't!so what are you doing now, georgie?i'm uh writing a pilot for nbc where the hell is my paper?you're writing a pilot?with his friend, jerry seinfeld the comedian so what's it about?well, jerry's car gets hit and the other driver doesn't have any insurance, so the judgethis is the same situation! frank, maybe you ought to make him your butler!every time you're with that kramer, something happens he's a real trouble maker!nah, he didn't have anything to do with it he's all together crazy, that one! jerry? i used to think was nice i don't know what happened to him  they loved the tv, it!oh, yeah  drake wants to know if we want to come out to minneolis this afternoon, since we missed the partly last night, to maybe get something to eat?sure! m taking my car! okay okay, see you later bye the drake is great!hmm he's so nice! i'm really happy for them.
yeah.
 well, i don't know if i'm happy for them, i mean i'm glad they're happy, but, frankly, that doesn't do anything for me.
yes?it's me.
come on up.
hey.
 i just came from st.
 elizabeth's.
st.
 elizabeth's hospital? why?well, the handicapped woman? i went to see her.
you went to see her?yeah.
wow, what happened?i'm in love.
what?yeah, she is the most beautiful woman i have ever seen.
 i love her jerry, i really love her.
 i'm gonna ask her to marry me.
 she's got everything i've always wanted in another human being.
 except for the walking.
oh, what's the difference, you don't go out that much.
ah, i'm glad you're here.
what?alright, now, we gotta go out.
 we gotta buy a wheelchair.
a wheelchair? what for?well, you know i went to the hospital today, and i saw the woman, you know, and the wheelchair is totalled, we gotta get her another one!doesn't she have collision?george, i'm in love with her!well, my father works for the united volunteers, maybe he can get her one.
no! she needs it now!what about these two? aren't they gonna chip in?well hey, we told you not to park there!can't we just fix the old one?alright, alright.
 fine george! don't chip in! but some day, we're gonna be driving along, we're gonna look out the window, and see her crawling along th avenue! is that what you want?alright, alright! we'll buy her a wheelchair! wheelchairs, engagement presents it never ends!this is out best model.
 the cougar .
 it's the rolls royce of wheelchairs.
 this is like you're almost glad to be handicapped.
so now, what's this got?inductive joystick, dynamic braking, flip-up arms, it's fully loaded.
 i put stephen hawking in one of these two months ago, he's lovin it! it's rated number one by hospital supply and prosthetic magazine.
how much? .
do you have something a little more less expensive?hey drake! hi drake!my god this is fantastic! tell me, were you guys just blown away or what?oh yeah, yeah it's fantastic i am gonna make good use of this! i'm watching every superbowl here, every big fight .
oh man, there is nothing like a really big tv, huh?so where're we eatin'?well, actually jerry i'm hungry! we just broke up when did this happen?about minutes ago hey, i am really sorry about this guys whew! look at the picture on this thing oh, cristal clear!they know how to make em are there any good italian restaurants around here? s pretty good well we should get movin' yeah hey, drake, what ever happens, i am sure it'll be for the best.
take it easy.
 bye-bye alison!oh, the remote! okay, i'm just gonna put it on top of the television alright, this one is about years old.
 not a scratch on it, it was owned by some lady who only used it to go from the bathroom to the kitchen and to feed her cat.
but this'll get you around?oh sure, it just doesn't have any of the thrills of the cougar.
like what?for example, your tremor-damping.
now what's that?it helps to control the direction regardless of the operator's tremors or spasticity.
well, is it alright if i try it?hop in!oh yeah!i tell ya when i see someone enjoying themselves like that, it reminds me why i got into this business in the first place.
how much?how about $ ?we'll take it!drake gave her the tv?he gave her all the gifts; he felt guilty.
well, she can't keep it, it's not fair, that's tv!i know it is!boy, i am really starting to dislike the drake!i hate the drake! maybe the whole thing was a scam.
 anybody can just get engaged and get presents and just keep them all.
 maybe they're on their way to chicago tomorrow and do the whole thing all over again.
they don't know anybody in chicago.
don't worry, they'll make friends fast with that nice tv.
hey.
hey, guess what? the drake broke up.
i don't know about defraying.
why?we're not gettin that tv.
what do you mean? the engagement is off, we get the tv back.
 that's business.
the drakette took it.
she can't take it.
 it's not hers, it's theirs.
 once there's no theirs there's no hers, it should be ours.
well, she has it! i you the drake was bad! i hate the drake!maybe we should call her.
well, who's gonna call?you are.
what? why is it me who always has to do these things?because that's your thing!what? calling people i hardly know, and demanding they return expensive gifts, that's my thing'?yeah, that's your thing.
alright, gimme the phone it's my thing'  m thinking about getting a yo-yo.
really?yeah.
i could see that alison! hi, this is elaine oh, okay well thanks a lot sorry again about you and the drake everybody does.
 bye-bye .
she gave it to charity.
charity?!? that's apalling.
how could anybody be so selfish and inconsiderate!well, i gave her the wheelchair! you should have seen the look on her face.
 and then she told me, that the old wheelchair, that wasn't any good anyway! so you see george, the whole incident was a god blessing! yeah!you mean a blessing in disguise?yeah .
and i would also like to personally thank our gracious host frank costanza, who has earned the silver circle award and is our unanimous choice for the united volunteer representative of the month!due to his tireless effort, he personally raised over $ , .
 that's a lot of wheelchairs!on behalf of the united volunteers of greater new york, we thank you!well thank you very much!mr.
 costanza?yes?you're under arrest.
under arrest? what for?reckless endangerment of public safety, and violation of traffic code -a.
what's that?parking in a handicap spot.
 let's go george! george!your father got arrested? for what?parking in a handicap spot.
 right in the middle of his united volunteers meeting.
 when he got back, he chased after me with a baseball bat.
ho-ly!between the car getting totalled, the towing charge and the fine, there's no way i can ever pay him back so what are you gonna do?i agreed to become his butler.
what?what's the matter?it's over!what's over?me and lola .
the woman we bought the wheelchair for?yeah, she dumped me!she dumped you?she dumped me! she rolled right over me! said i was a hipster dufus.
 am i a hipster dufus? no said i'm not good looking enough for her.
 not good looking! jerry, look at me, look at my face, huh, am i beautiful? george, am i beautiful? you're very attractive yeah she says she doesn't wanna see me again.
 told me to drop dead!drop dead?boy, even i never heard that one she's pretty rough!yeesh-jip!well, we just blew bucks on a wheelchair.
 bucks?well, it was slightly used used?what!?you're supposed to your face there! do you see your face in there?yeah? oh really? oh how about that? right down a hill huh? okay! alight! bye!george, forget about the shoes.
 want you to do something for me .
 this handicapped woman had an accident.
 somebody gave her a used wheelchair with defective brakes.
sons of bitches!anyway, i want you to pick up this big screen tv, and deliver it to her.
big screen tv?do you think you can handle it?yes?hi, we're from the united volunteers, we've come to pick up the tv.
oh great, it's right over there.
ooh, it's a big one!who's got the receipt?i do.
will they give us cash?that's their policy.
i hate this mall, there are never any spaces here why don't you park in front of the hydrant?what if there is a fire?what are the chances of that?to me, the whole concept of fear of success is proof that we are definitely scraping the bottom of the fear barrel.
 are we gonna have to have aa-type meetings for these people? they'll go: hi, my name is bill, and the one thing i'm worried about is to have a stereo and a cream-colored couch.
 according to most studies, people's number-one fear is public speaking.
 number two is death.
 is number two! now, this means to the average person, if you have to go to a funeral, you're better off in the casket than doing the eulogy.
why can't i play kramer?look we've been through this already.
 you're not an actor!neither are you.
i know.
 so why do we need two people in the show that can't act?oh come on jerry.
 how hard is it to act.
 you say something, i'll pretend it's funny.
my grandmother's in the hospital.
ha ha ha.
 your grandmother's in the hospital!this is real believable.
what you didn't think i was really laughing?it stinks.
let me see you do it.
say something funny.
alright.
 i've never been to mars but i imagine it's quite lovely.
ah .
mine was better than that! come on look.
 why are two pretending to be laughing?we're acting.
 oh, real good.
 any word from nbc?no.
i don't understand.
 they're supposed to be casting this week.
 something's wrong.
 maybe they're not doing it.
 well at least let me audition.
 he wants to play kramer in the pilot.
 yeah!out of the question.
oughh! i really appreciate you coming.
oh, that's o.
k.
 i don't have much time though.
 so all right, first of all, i want to apologize for all the phone calls.
 it's just--it's just-- t understand, we went out once that was two months ago.
yes i know.
 i just-- i can't get you out of my mind.
 ever since that-- that day in the restaurant when we met russell, you are the president of nbc.
 you can have any woman you want.
 but i want you.
god i hate these mixtures.
 why don't they just put pretzels on the table.
 even peanuts would be good, but i don't know how eats these cheesy things .
is it something i said or did?um look russell you're a very sweet guy.
 but i got to be honest with you.
 i don't like television and that's your world.
 that's your life.
 i mean maybe if you were in i don't know greenpeace or something, that would be different, but network television i mean, come on, russell, you're part of the problem.
oh elaine, we're doing some really very interesting things right now.
 we've got some very exciting pilots for next season.
 we have one with a bright young comedian, jerry seinfeld.
oh yeah, oh yeah.
 i've heard of him.
 he's that did you ever notice this? did you ever notice that? guy.
yeah.
 anyway it's a ground breaking show.
really? what is it about? s about nothing.
 s about nothing? for example, what did you do today?um, i got up.
 um, i went to work.
 then i came here.
there's a show.
 that's a show.
russell, see, i'm really not interested in this stuff and i do have to go to work .
 so  elaine, when--when--when are we gonna see each other again.
i'm sorry russell.
 i'm sorry o.
k.
? bye-bye.
 .
hello? yeah he's here.
 s for you.
he's getting phone calls here now?  again with the sweat pants?what? i'm comfortable.
you know the message you're sending out to the world with these sweat pants? you're telling the world: i give up.
 i can't compete in normal society.
 i'm miserable, so i might as well be comfortable.
   who is it?that's nbc.
nbc!?! give me the phone!i'm in the middle of a conversation here.
get off the phone! you know i'm waiting to hear from them.
 who was it?russell dalrimple's secretary.
all right.
 now you're doing something to help me.
 what if the pilot gets picked up and it becomes a series?that'd be wonderful george, you'll be rich and successful.
yeah, that's exactly what i'm worried about.
 god would never let me be successful.
 he'd kill me first.
 he'd never let me be happy.
i thought you didn't believe in god?i do for the bad things.
do you hear what you're saying? god isn't out to get you george.
 what what is that on your lip?what?it's like a discoloration.
 it's white.
 s white.
you'd better get that checked out.
better get that checked out?i would.
what kind of a therapist are you? i'm telling i'm scared that something terrible is gonna happen to me, right away you start looking for tumors?i'm trying to help you.
what are you like a sadist? no matter how bad somebody feels, you can make em feel worse.
 i bet you're rooting for a tumor.
 i think you'd better go.
oh i'm going baby! i'm going! where?right here.
 get out of here, it's nothing.
  excuse me, do you see anything on my lip here?yeah, it's like a discoloration.
oh, my god.
yeah, it's all white.
 s all white!would you stop?i would get that checked out if i were you.
again with the checked out.
 i'm not going to the doctor.
 if i don't to the doctor, then nothing will happen to me.
 if i go he might find something.
if you go, maybe they'll catch it in time.
catch what in time?whatever it is.
you think it's something?ah! i hate these bums with their filthy rags.
 no no no, i don't want it, get away, get away from my car  s crazy joe devola.
  s like a white discoloration.
 what do you think it is?it's like a white discoloration.
 o.
k.
 guys, are we ready to start?yeah, where is russell? i thought he was gonna be here.
oh you know i don't know.
 i saw him in the hall this morning, i said hello to him.
 he walked right past me.
he must be worried about the fall schedule.
ah, it's a real bear.
yeah.
 so what's going on? we're gonna shoot the pilot and then it's gonna be on tv the following week?yeah.
 right.
this is mark matts.
 he'll be auditioning for the role of george.
 hey how you doing? ve gotta be kidding.
 s perfect.
o.
k.
 let's read this.
 i'll be reading jerry's part.
anyone call for vandelay industries? no.
 why?listen to me.
 i told the unemployment office i was close to a job with vandelay industries and i gave them your phone number.
 so, when you answer the phone now, you've got to say: vandelay industries'.
i'm vandelay industries?right.
what is that?you're in latex.
what do i do with latex?i don't know, you manufacture it.
this is michael barth.
 another george.
 hi michael.
 how you doing?everything all right?i just came from the podiatrist.
 i have a mole on my foot.
 i've got a little gangrene, they're probably gonna have to amputate.
 any questions?yeah.
 what are we looking at here? is this guy like a real loser?no, not a loser!let's start with the second scene.
 you have it here?a man gave me a, you know, massage.
 so?well, he-- he had his hands, you know, and uh, he was, huh, he was what?he was you know he was touching and rubbing.
 that's a massage.
i think it moved.
this is melissa shannon.
hi.
hi.
 how you doing.
melissa is reading for elaine.
it's like a bald convention out there! sorry.
 i, uh, made a faux pas.
no you didn't.
 he knows he's bald.
so how about that guy wearing sweat pants? i mean did he do that for the part or does he walk around like that? o.
k.
 shall we start?  ll read with her.
oh, great.
alright, want to start?yeah.
o.
k.
ahem.
 what was that look?what look?that look you just gave me?i gave a look?yes.
thank you! thank you very much.
 let's see some more kramers.
hi.
 how you doing? how you doing? good.
what is this about? levels.
levels?yeah.
 i'm getting rid of all, all my furniture.
 all of it! i'm building levels with steps completely carpeted like ancient egypt.
i don't know how you're gonna be comfortable like that?oh! i'll be comfortable.
 very nicevery goodvery nice tom, that was terrific.
may i? sure.
 thank you for coming in.
  it was a wonderful reading.
yeah.
 really.
well, bye.
take care.
 take it easy.
 now, i thought he was really good, very funny.
yeah, i liked him.
what happened to the raisins?yeah, there was a box of raisins there!did he just steal the raisins?you think he stole them? this is martin van nostrand.
 what are you doing here?you two know each other?wait a minute, i know you.
 you're the guy from the calvin klein underwear ads.
that's true.
 s the bathroom?i think if you go down the hall, it's on the right at the very end.
yeah.
 be right back.
 so who's playing elaine?oh, don't worry about it.
 very talented, very takented young actress.
really?yes.
who is it?she's an eskimo, actually.
oh, my god she came down from juno by sleigh, she was in the iditarod.
 got to the finish line, just kept going.
 she's got the dogs with her in the hotel room.
listen, was russell at the casting?no, he didn't show up.
you know, i'm a little bit worried about him.
 i don't understand.
 we had one date two months ago.
 am i that charming and beautiful?no.
 no you're not.
why do i keep setting you up?i don't know.
 aghh you know ever since this new owner took over, the service here is slow.
yeah.
 have you noticed anything else that's different since the new management?mmm.
 they're putting a little lemon in the tuna.
 i love that.
beside that.
 look at the waitresses.
yeah? what physical characteristic would you say is common to all of them?ah i mean look at this.
 every waitress working here has the same proportions.
 wouldn't you say?yes, i would say.
what's going on here.
 how is that possible?do you think it's a coincidence?no.
 i haven't seen four women like this together outside of a russ meyer film.
 hi.
 excuse me.
 who does all the hiring waitresses here?he does.
 you know what? that's discriminatory.
 that is unfair.
 why should these women have all the advantages? it's not enough they get all the attention from men, they have to get all the waitress jobs, too?hey that's life.
 good-looking men have the same advantages.
 you don't see any handsome homeless.
you see, it's right here.
 it's all white oh yeah.
 yeah.
 i've never seen this before.
you've never seen this before?i'm gonna have to take a biopsy on that.
  a what?a biopsy.
a biopsy?yeah.
cancer? is it cancer? do i have cancer?well i don't know what it is.
a biopsy!what did he say?he said he didn't know what it was.
alright.
 so?when i asked him if it was cancer, he didn't give me a get outta here'.
 that's what i wanted to hear: cancer? get outta here?'well, maybe he doesn't have a get outta here kind of personality.
how could you be a doctor and not say get outta here'? it should be part of the training at medical school: cancer? get outta here! 'go home! what are you crazy? it's a little test.
 it's nothing.
 you're a real nut.
 you know that? can't you at least die with a little dignity?no i can't.
 i can't die with dignity.
 i have no dignity.
 i want to be the one person who doesn't die with dignity.
 i live my whole life in shame.
 why should i die with dignity?hey.
 what happened to you yesterday?i got mugged.
you got mugged?mugged?well, i wouldn't have minded it so much but i was running home to go to the bathroom.
why didn't you use the bathroom in the building?it was full.
 i tried a few other places, you know, but that didn't work.
 i mean it was an emergency jerrry.
 i was really percolating so i decided to run home through the park and then these two guys they stopped me and yeah?it's me.
come on up.
but now i have a big problem, buddy.
what is it?well, i waited so long i-- i missed my chance.
you didn't go?no.
 and now i can't get it back.
the % thing to do is just not think about it.
how could you not think about it?hey.
 what's the matter with him?he's a little backed up.
oh elaine.
so i spoke to some of my sisters about that coffee shop.
oh, the sisters  have you seen the waitresses in there lately? i never had so much coffee in my life.
so we decided i should go over there and apply for a job myself.
apply for a job? what for?because, it's discriminatory it's a coincidence.
this is what you gonna wear?yeah.
you're not gonna get the job.
exactly.
 who was it?tv elaine.
 she wants to get together and talk about the part.
what about the dogs?they're having sex in the hotel room.
so, the elaine character is based on someone you know.
yes.
and she's really your ex-girlfriend?uh, huh, yeah.
i want to get to know her from the inside.
 what is she like? tell me about her.
well, she's fascinated with greenland.
 she enjoys teasing animals, banlon, and seeing people running for their lives.
 she loves throwing garbage out the window, yet she's extremely dainty.
how would she eat a hamburger?with her hands.
what about pasta?also with her hands.
seriously i want to experience everything she's experienced.
everything?everything.
all right she cuts her pasta with a knife.
that's good.
 what's her favorite movie?shaft.
you got to get me a picture.
 what about sex?she likes talking during sex.
oh dirty talking?no.
 just chitchat, movies, current events, regular stuff.
 you know sandi-- elaine.
what?call me elaine.
all right.
 elaine.
how does elaine kiss?well--does she kiss like this? actually she has a thing where she spirals her tongue around, it's like--like this? i think you got it.
i like to eat spaghetti with just a fork.
 because i can keep the strands long, and i can slurp it out to my mouth.
 like this look.
 bran lakes %.
 i got a big problem.
i'll have a hamburger.
 that's it.
yeah, that's good.
 oh, now i like to play golf.
this stuff doesn't matter to me.
 see, i'm gonna do the character like me, not like you.
you gotta play him like me.
 i'm kramer.
i'm kramer.
whoa, i'm kramer.
 what can i do for you? would you like a table.
no, i'd like to apply for a waitress job.
 have you ever waited on tables before.
oh yeah.
 i've been a professional waitress for the last years.
 i've worked all over the city.
 these, uh, are my references.
 i'm sure you'll find that i'm more than qualified.
i don't think i need anyone else right now.
you're in big trouble mister.
 and i mean trouble with a capital t'.
 what? what did i do?anyway there's at least four of them, and they're all huge.
 and one is bigger than the next.
 it's like a russ meyer movie.
who's russ meyer?oh, he's this guy who made these terrible movies in the 's with these kinds of women.
 he's obsessed.
 he's obsessed with breasts.
 that's hard to say.
anyway, go on.
um well, there's not really much more to tell.
 he was looking for waitresses, and i went in to apply for the job.
 and, he looked me up and down and he rejected me.
 paul.
 come in for a second.
 i want you to listen to this.
 hi.
hi.
paul, woman here claims there's a restaurant on the west side that's only hiring large-breasted women.
 really?what do you mean made up?it's made up.
 haagen-dazs is made up.
 it's not danish.
you're crazy.
no i'm not.
 george.
 is haagen-dazs danish?what do you mean danish? danish.
 is it from denmark?no, they make it in new jersey.
 it's just a danishy name.
i can't believe that.
 they fooled jerry.
 uh, excuse me.
 .
 you see the difference?i'm not gonna say it like that.
just a suggestion.
  all right everybody, take a five.
 s five!george? re a little touchy about being told how to say the lines.
why is that?i don't know, but they don't seem to like it.
 by the way how am i doing?oh, you're fine you're fine.
 so you think this guy playing kramer took the raisins?why would he steal a box of raisins?yeah, it's bizarre.
  russell?what?you o.
k.
?yeah.
 no, uh, i was just thinking of something.
 i'll be back in a second.
 what's the matter?nothing.
you're acting weird.
 is anything wrong?no.
are you breaking up with me?are we going out?you're breaking up with me, aren't you? do you want me to break up with you?if that's what you want.
i don't even know what you're talking about.
fine.
 break up with me.
all right.
 we're broken up.
 remember when you came to audition for us?yeah.
there was a box of raisins on the coffee table.
 did you, by any chance, take them with you when left?what are you talking about?well we were all eating the raisins.
 and i remember you--you were eating some of the raisins.
 and then you left, and the raisins were gone.
 and i was just wondering if, you know , maybe you took them with you.
are you accusing me of stealing the raisins?oh, no, no-- why would i steal a box of raisins!?no you wouldn't.
 nobody would.
 it's just that they were missing, and well i'm just inquiring.
 let me give you a word of advice.
 o.
k.
? i want you to stay away from me.
 i don't wanna talk to you, and i don't wanna hear anymore of your stupid little notes and suggestions.
 i don't like you.
 so if you got any other problems whether it's raisins, prunes, figs, or any other dried fruit, just keep it to yourself and stay out of my way, o.
k.
?mm-hmm.
 mm-hmm.
 all right.
 i don't think we're gonna have any problem with that.
 good talking to you tom.
 really.
 excuse me mr.
 dalrimple.
 i am so sorry.
all right.
 all right.
 what's your name?david richardson.
get out! you're fired!but mr.
 dalrimple--don't talk back to me.
 didn't you hear what i say? get out! you want me to call the cops? i make and break little worms like you every day.
 do you know how much money i make? do you have any idea! do you know where i live? i can have any woman in this city that i want.
 any one.
 now, get out! the doc called and said the lab's backed up and now i'm not gonna get the results for another two days.
ah! you're fine.
 there's nothing wrong with you.
 i'm the one who's dying.
what do you mean?because i can't act! i stink! i don't what i'm doing!come on you're uh you're fine.
this show's gonna ruin my entire career.
 i don't know how i got involved in this.
what about me? i was a total failure.
 everything was fine.
 now this thing's gonna be a success and god's gonna give me a terminal disease.
this actress playing elaine, she's out of her mind.
the guy playing kramer threatened me.
why?'cause i asked him about the raisins.
you mentioned the raisins.
oh yeah.
did he take em?i don't know.
well if he didn't take em, what happened to em?that's what i'm trying to find out.
hey.
hey.
any luck?no.
 no, nothing.
 i got no peristalsis.
what about bran?i tried bran-- %, % %.
 the bran isn't working for me.
well my friend, it may be time to consider the dreaded apparatus.
pfft! hold it right there.
 if you're suggesting what i think you're suggesting, you're wasting your time.
 i am not jerry, under any circumstances, doing any inserting in that area.
oh, it's not that bad!yes it is.
well it's all taken care of.
 i filed a report.
 an investigation is underway.
 so, you going to the taping tomorrow night?no.
 i don't think i should go.
 i really don't wanna bump into russell.
 he called me the other day.
 he won't quit.
oh, come on you gotta go! he's harmless.
 he's got a little crush on you.
jerry, this is not a crush.
 this is a complete fixation.
 he makes me very uncomfortable.
we need you there! hey are you gonna go?no.
 no.
 i'm gonna stay home.
 i want to be close to my home base in case there's any news from the front.
  s got to be higher! higher! make a wall! a wall!sandi, are you in wardrobe? sandi?try elaine.
elaine?yes?elaine? it's me-- wilton marshall.
 remember? camp tioga-- ? remember?oh, right.
wow! you know you haven't changed a bit.
i can't remember my lines!!!just relax, you'll be fine.
i can't relax.
 i don't know what line! i don't know any of em!you're just like george.
 george'd do the same thing.
 you're just like him.
 it's amazing!help me jerry! help me! where is russell?you know i don't know.
 i thought he was coming.
 i assumed he wouldn't miss it.
he hasn't been well.
 s a woman.
how pathetic.
this is george costanza, i'm calling for my test results.
 negative? oh, my god.
 why! why! why? what? what? negative is good? oh, yes of course! how stupid of me.
 thank you.
 thank you very much.
  ll have a nice laugh.
how would you like it if i just pulled your heart out of your chest right now, and shoved it down your throat?are you ready to meet our cast? all right.
good evening, folks.
 how you doing? m playing jerry-- sic semper tyrannis? what is that, latin?yeah, it's what john wilkes booth yelled out when he shot lincoln.
really? what does it mean?it means: death to tyrants'.
i can see that.
see, now this is exciting! this is exciting! did i miss anything already?no, it starts in five minutes.
 you were there at the taping, what's the big deal?nah, now it's on tv.
 it's different.
 i told everybody i know to watch it.
yeah, me too.
hey, what about russell? did you hear from him?no.
strange.
 even not showing up at the taping hey, pistol-packin mama, you swing that gal around, allemande left with the old gray hag, around and around you go.
 yee-ha!!well, well, well.
congratulations.
well, thank you.
you went for the big e'.
wet and wild.
all right.
 come on sit down.
 it's about to start.
oh, yes.
hey, what's this? look.
 a wallet.
a wallet? let me see that.
here.
ah, man! it's my father's wallet! the one he thought they stole at the doctor's office that time.
shh! this is it!how do you like that?bravo!you hurt me.
hey.
hey george.
new sneakers?yeah.
what do you need new sneakers for?i like sneakers.
how do you make a decision which one to wear? i'd go crazy if i have to decide which sneakers to wear every day.
nah, you're crazy anyway.
 george!what kind of stupid show is this? hey! it's that idiot that took all my records! john, what are you doing? come back to bed.
 t he that seinfeld fellow you went out with?ooh, he's horrible! horrible!nevertheless ah, that jerry's a funny guy.
 huh? got to love the sein!hate the sein! i can't believe you liked him.
i thought he was dark and disturbed.
real perceptive.
this is a piece of crap!donald, you used to like him.
what a sellout! give me that remote!no, donald.
come on jerry, the commercials almost over.
all right.
you know jerry i really like this guy who's playing the butler.
oh yeah.
 he's good.
 you know he's john ritter's cousin.
really?yeah.
hello, charles.
hello.
 so, where do you want me to start today?why don't you start in the bedroom? start in the bedroom hey.
hey.
 the butler's here.
he is? listen.
 when he's finished, send him over to my house.
i'm not sending him to your house.
why not?because the judge decreed he'd become my butler, not my friend's butler.
jerry, he is your butler.
 you can give him any order you want.
 that's what butlers do.
but i don't want to.
jerry, my house is a pigsty, come on.
yeah? s elaine.
come on up.
i need more pledge.
more pledge! i just bought two cans last week and i don't even have any wood in the house!well, it goes fast.
 hello.
hello.
 what's all this about?we had a date.
you had a date? you went out with my butler? who said you could go out with my butler?why do i need your permission?because he's my butler!that's terrific!how could anyone not like him?but he picks his nose.
he's a member of our health club.
 isn't he?yeah you know that kim novak has some big breasts?ever notice a lot of butlers are named jeeves?you know i think when you name a baby jeeves, you've pretty much mapped out his future, wouldn't you say? not much chance is gonna be a hitman i think after that.
 .
 wooh! yeah!wow! that was great! that show was so funny.
 it was really funny.
 i'm not just saying that cause i know you.
 honestly.
let's go out and celebrate! that was so good.
come on let's eat something.
 you know what i think this thing is gonna get picked up george.
 you guys are gonna be rich!do you really think so?oh yeah.
and god didn't kill me.
 hello?hi jerry, this is rita kierson.
oh, hi rita.
i'm calling to let you know that russell dalrimple is no longer with this network.
oh, my god.
 did he get fired?to be honest with you.
 nobody really knows.
 he seems to have disappeared.
russell's disappeared?in any event, i've been made the new president of nbc.
 as you may or may not know, russell and i did not see eye to eye on many, many projects.
 and as my first order of business, i'm, uh, passing on your show.
you're passing already? but the show just ended two minutes ago!well, i just got the job.
 goodbye, jerry.
yeah, see ya.
 what-- what are you looking at me for?it was you!what did i do?do you realize his obsession with you cost us a tv series?i didn't know that he'd fall for me and i'd drive him insane.
 i mean, you know, that's not my fault.
yes it is! you're very charming!i can't believe this? what happened to him? where the hell is he?no one knows.
she works for pendant publishing.
 she's the most beautiful woman i've ever seen.
 you know, i used to work for nbc, but when i go back to her this time, she'll respect me.
you'd better get down.
 they might start firing soon.
 hey look at this.
 what is going on here?well, well, well.
nothing has changed.
 how did this happen? re eating here?oh no.
 that's why we're here.
 we're checking things out.
yeah, we're checking it out.
 re checking it out? see you back at the office, guys.
fred, paul, lunch and dinner? boy, you guys ought to move in.
 how about a piece of pie on me? sophia! take care of these fellows.
 hey! come here a second.
 i want you to know something.
 you are not gonna get away with this!get away with what?ah, with what? you know what.
 with the waitresses.
 how they're all alike.
of course they're alike.
 they're my daughters.
 oh, your daughters.
you must be very proud mr.
 visaki.
 s nice to see such fine upstanding women in gainful employment, mr.
 visaki.
oh, here's a table for you.
a table right here.
peggy!peggy! s coming over to serve.
what a family!my daughter peggy.
ah! peggy.
 good to see you.
hi peggy.
thank you very much.
 so guess what i got do tomorrow?what?start looking for a job.
you know what you ought to do george? you should work for greenpeace.
 you those people they attack the whalers out on the open sea.
are you crazy? you take your life in your hands with those nuts.
keep fighting matey! get your head above the water! i've got you matey! i've got you! matey! ll tell her all about you and what you did out here! goodbye, matey! goddbye!so, what's her name?karen.
is she nice?great.
so you like her?i think so.
you don't know?i can't tell anymore.
well do you feel anything?feel? what's that?all right, let me ask you this: when she comes over, you're cleaning up a lot?yeah.
you're just straightening up or you're cleaning?cleaningyou do the tub?yeah.
on your knees, ajax, hands scrubbin', the whole deal?yeah, yeah.
okay, i think you're in love!tub is love?tub is love.
hah.
so there you are.
 you've got a nice girl and a clean apartment.
yep.
 there's one liiiittle problem.
sexual?yeeeaaah.
 ve never really felt confident in uh one particular aspect.
below the equator?yeah.
nobody does.
 you know, nobody knows what to do.
 you just close your eyes and you hope for the best.
 i really think they're happy if you just make an effort.
i-i don't know.
 last time i got the tap.
you got the tap?you know, you're going along, you think everything's all right and all of a sudden you get that tap.
 re through.
the tap is tough.
it's like the manager coming out and asking you for the ball.
well maybe she just wanted to move on to other business.
no, no, this wasn't moving on.
 i got the hook.
 i wish i could get a lesson in that.
it's a very complicated area.
you can go crazy trying to figure that place out.
it's a haaazy mystery.
anyway, i think everything else is okay.
 unless of course she's faking.
who's faking?nothing.
faking what?nobody's faking.
ah! orgasm?she's not faking!how do you know?i know.
 i can tell.
 it's one of my powers.
 why, did you ever fake?of course.
really?you faked?on occasion.
and the guy never knows?no.
how can he not know that?because i was gooood.
i guess after that many beers he's probably a little groggy anyway.
you didn't know.
what?you didn't know.
are you saying i think i'll have a piece of cake.
with me?well you faked with me?ye.
you faked with me?yeass.
no.
yeass.
you faked it?i faked it.
that whole thing, the whole production, it was all an act?not bad huh?what about the breathing, the panting, the moaning, the screaming? fake, fake, fake, fake.
i'm stunned, i'm shocked! how many times did you do this?uuuhm, all the time.
all the time?!we got a chocolate malt in here!but i'm so good.
i'm sure you are.
jerry, listen, it wasn't you.
 i just didn't have em back then.
she faked.
maybe they've all been faking.
i'm sure they're not.
maybe karen is faking.
she was probably joking.
no no, it was no joke.
she didn't have any?no.
 none.
 em all.
 em all.
well so she faked em, so what?the woman had an orgasm under false pretences.
 that's sexual perjury.
you know i heard her screaming from my apartment? she woke me up a few times.
how did she do it? she's like meryl streep this woman.
 and i had to work the equipment.
 i'm not unskilled, i'm in the union.
 if she'd at least told me, maybe i could have done something about it.
yeah i could have helped you out.
what could you have done?i could have given you some pointers.
 i know how to press those buttons buddy.
i'm feeling very inadequate about the whole thing.
aaaaah.
don't aaaaah! i'm supposed to do something with her later? i don't even think i wanna see her.
giddy-up.
hello oh hello elaine.
so we're having dinner tonight?i don't know, i'm not really in the mood.
why? what's wrong? you're not still thinking about this afternoon are you?what, the grilled cheese? naaah, they always burn the toast.
nooo, the other thing.
oooh that.
 well oh come on, jerry.
 making to much of a big deal about it.
yeah i guess.
 so you wanna meet at that place at seven thirty?okay.
all right.
all right, see you later.
bye.
bye.
rene, can you come here a second? let me ask you something: ummm, have you ever you know faked it?yeah, sometimes.
really, like when?like if we went to a broadway show, if we had really good seats.
 s enough all ready and i just wanna get some sleep.
i really don't feel like seeing her.
you know, i faked it.
 what?!yeah.
you faked it? why would you do that?well you know, if it's enough already and i just wanna get some sleep.
yeah, but why would you bad peach?it's terrible!did you get that at joe's?yeah, of course i got it at joe's.
that's surprising, his fruit is usually the best.
you know what i'm gonna do? m gonna return this.
you're returning used fruit?jerry this peach is sub par.
so what do you want me to do?i want restitution.
restitution? you want restitution? why should i give you restitution?because it's no good.
when you put that fruit out, that's where it ends for me.
it's still your fruit, you gotta stand behind your fruit.
i stand behind my fruit.
so hey, you got a bad peach? that's an act of god.
 he makes the peaches.
 i don't make the peaches, i sell the peaches.
 you have a problem? you talk to him.
you know this whole place is going vrrrrrrrrrrrrt, downhill.
 i could have come in here last week with a bad plum but i let it go.
well let me put a solution for ya: do your business elsewhere, i don't want your business.
oh now you don't want my business.
no, i don't want your business and from this moment you're banned from the store, you're banned!but what am i gonna do for fruit? woo are you satisfied?i'm very satisfied.
i-i'm sure if you weren't satisfied you would probably say something wouldn't you?i probably would.
 but then again i'm an enigma.
hey listen umm, instead of the movie uh, maybe we'll go back and uh you know maybe.
so uh you feel okay about that whole thing what we do in there you're generally okay with everything in there?generally.
do you uh feel the way you feel after the risotto?well no, i feel full after the risotto.
yeah full.
oh god, mmmm, mmm, mmm, mmmmm, mmm, ah, woosatisfied?mmm, hey, you know what? you wanna go see that new meryl streep movie?meryl streep?you don't like her?ah, she's okay.
i love her jerry, she's so authentic.
 i really believe everything is actually happening to her.
 there's no acting there.
yeah.
 you don't want coffee or anything do you?i really admire actors, you know.
 it's just such an incredible skill.
yeah, yeah, can we get off of this?what's the matter?nothing.
you're not still thinking about that are you?nooo.
oh good.
give me another shot! what?another shot, i want another shot.
you mean ?yes!oooh no, i don't think so.
come on! one shot, i can do it, i know i can do it!jerry, we're friends! we can't do that, it would ruin our friendship.
oh friendship friendship, shmanship .
jerry no, that's important to me.
we won't ruin the friendship.
ya, yes we will!elaine no jerry, it is out of the question.
 you know what sex does to a friendship, it kills it.
a half hour, give me a half our.
no!okay, fifteen minutes.
 i guarantee you fifteen minutes, i can make it happen!noo!you're worried i'll be able to do it aren't you?what, no, it doesn't matter.
 jerry, i don't care.
that's it, that's it.
 you like having this over me, you don't want me to do it.
that is so ridiculous.
come on, elaine!no.
elaine?!no!it's jerry's fault.
jerry?jerry and elaine.
 they made me nuts.
oh i don't care, george, really it's all right.
so you feel okay?well, it's not like after the risotto.
well good night.
i still don't understand why we had to walk out on that movie.
oh that meryl streep, she's such a phony baloney.
goodnight.
 thanks for a really fabulous evening .
oh what, you're upset?yes i'm upset, can't you tell?no i can't, maybe you're faking.
i'm really, really sorry i told you that.
i'm sorry too.
well stop being such a baby.
you're a baby!you're a baby!it's all your fault! you and elaine! all that orgasm talk.
 she did have an orgasm, she didn't have an orgasm.
 orgasm this, orgasm that.
 i got so focused on it.
 i started to panic and boom, i lost it.
 i tried everything, i was talking to him: please wake up, do something.
'they're mysterious little fellows aren't they?i hate him!you know it happens to everybody.
 it happened to houdini.
 and he could get out of a trunk under water with his hands in chains! but he had a problem with that.
 the miracle is that it ever happens.
it's like a magic trick.
 sometimes i think it would be easier to bend a spoon mentally than to make that transformation.
hey.
hey.
hey listen, if i give you money would you go out and get me some fruit?why can't you get it?well i got banned from the store i can't go back in there now.
what happened?well you know, we had a fight over the peach and uh well joe doesn't want my business.
hey, was that a joke about houdini? i told you not to say anything.
jerry, what am i gonna do for fruit?well you'll have to go to the supermarket.
the supermarket? that's impossible! they don't have a decent piece of fruit at the supermarket.
 the apples are mealy, the oranges are dry.
 i don't know what's going on with the papayas! jerry you gotta go to joe's, you gotta get me some fruit!oh so what i'm going to buy all your fruit now?well if houdini couldn't do it, what chance do i have?hello oh hi patty, thanks for calling me back.
 i-i just wanted to ask you a question: when we we're going out did you have orgasms? okay, thanks no that's it ya, okay, bye.
patty lawrence had em!alright look i'm gonna make you a fruit list, all right?yeah.
hello elaine? patty lawrence had orgasms what do you think about that? and i got calls in to six other women and i bet you they confirm an orgasm too.
 so what do you have to say now elaine? hello?why do i feel like i'm doing something wrong?all right now here's the list.
 all this? it's too much.
 what do you need five mangos for?i like mangos.
avocado? i don't know how to pick out an avocado.
well they gotta be soft.
how soft?not too soft.
 better too hard than too soft.
 m not going through this every week, i tell you that right now.
 and what are these? plums? what is that?yeah now get the ones that are red on the inside.
uh huh.
 well how do i know what they look like on the inside? what do they look like on the outside?oh! and get some plantains.
 plantains?yeah.
what the hell is a plantain.
it's part of the banana family.
 it's a delicacy.
 re not getting any plantains.
hey joe.
how's it going?good, just getting some fruit for myself.
 uh, gotta have fruit in the house.
 i like it as a snack.
 wholesome, natural, chock-full of vitamins.
 alright let's see mangos four plums with red on the inside avocado ooo, just right and three plantains uh ought to do it.
all right, all right, just hold it right there.
what?this fruit isn't for you.
 wha, what are you talking about?you think i don't know huh? mangos, plantains, plums with the red on the inside, that's kramer!i can't buy mangos and plantains?all right, get out!you're making a big mistake, joe!i'll tell you something else: i don't what your business anymore either.
are saying you're banning me from the store?that's exactly what i'm saying.
i'm banned?!you're banned.
all right, where do you want it?put it over there.
yes! oh look at this, these mangos are beautiful! oh these are beautiful, you did good george.
all right i gotta get going.
what are you doing?i got a date with karen.
 i don't know what i'm gonna do.
 nothing happening down there.
you're thinking about it too much.
 you're putting too much emphasis on it.
i knew this was gonna happen some day.
 it was inevitable.
 i've known it ever since i was a little kid.
 i've been waiting for it.
this mango is delicious!that reminds me, i'm not getting you guys any more fruit.
 that guy was eyeballing me the whole time.
 he gave me the creeps.
 all right, you owe me twenty-eight sixty.
sorry, i don't have any cash.
i only got hundreds.
you see all right i knew it.
come on, come on, we're gonna pay you! here have some mango.
i don't want any mango.
come on, take some.
 it's good.
very good.
 juicy.
ya.
ripe.
 boy, this joe's got some terrific fruit.
mmm.
what?i feel like i got a b shot.
 this is like a taste explosion!ya i told you.
what is it?i think it moved.
 oh my god, i think it moved.
 yeah, give me the big piece.
 i'll see you later.
hi george.
i'm back, baby, i'm back!want some mango?noo, thanks.
well well, if it isn't the first lady of the american theatre.
 what brings you here?just gonna return some of your things that were in my house.
oh and i've got some things of yours here.
i know.
well i'll get them.
i'm waiting.
all right.
 you got my fins?yeah i got your fins.
 you got my poker chips?i got your poker chips.
 you got my goggles?they're next to the fins.
 you got my cards?they're next to the poker chips.
all right and that just about does it.
i guess.
okay, welp see you around.
yeah, see you.
all right, let's go, i give you half an hour.
 what?come on!are you serious?look, jerry, we have to have sex to save the friendship.
sex to save the friendship.
 we have to.
mmmm, oh george, oooh.
please, it's not necessary.
mmm what's not necessary?the little extra moan you threw in there.
 laying it on a bit thick, don't you think?what are you talking about?what am i talking about? come on.
 what, what?you're very good.
 very good with the moanings and the gyrations.
 y-you really had me going there for a minute.
you think i was faking?come on: oh george, oh geeeooorge! come on! not that i don't appreciate the effort that was put into it.
i'd like you to leave.
what?i said, i would like you to leave.
 come on, just get your clothes on and get out.
but why?because i said so.
 i-i-i can't find my glasses.
well hurry up.
i need to look for my glasses.
 get out! get out!! get out!!!it's all george's fault.
 all that talk about impotence.
 it got to me.
 and that orgasm stuff: orgasm this and orgasm that.
 it's a lot of pressure!you know i'm a little hungry.
 you wouldn't happen to have any of that mango left?i can't believe this.
oh, it won't be for that long.
how can i do this? how can i move back in with those people? please, tell me.
 they're insane.
 you know that.
hey, my parents are just as crazy as your parents.
how can you compare you parents to my parents?!my father has never thrown anything out.
 ever!my father wears his sneakers in the pool! sneakers!my mother has never set foot in a natural body of water.
 a smirk?maybe! and i'm moving back in there!i told you i'd lend you the money for the rent.
no, no, no, no.
 borrowing money from a friend is like having sex.
 it just completely changes the relationship.
alright.
 i'm ready.
 t understand - why do you want to move back in with your parents?i don't want to! i'm outta money! i got dollars left in the bank.
well, move in here.
 s that?why doesn't he just move in here? t even let you use the toilet!you can move in with me, if you want.
 thank you i, uh that might not work out.
careful! careful with the suitcases! we just painted!hello, mrs.
 costanza.
 hello, mrs.
 costanza.
 hello, kramer.
 close the door.
well, i gotta bring in more stuff.
 more stuff?!yeah.
  how much is there?! s more.
so, how are ya, jerry?fine, mrs.
 costanza.
 hey, i got a terrific joke for you  nah, not interested.
no, no.
 it-it's really funny.
 there's these two guys- i made some bologna sandwiches.
bologna?! no one eats bologna anymore!what are you talking about?! have a sandwich.
 no thanks.
oh, stop it! you don't want one, kramer?uhh no thanks.
 i think you're all a little touched in the head.
 re young men.
i really don't eat it.
what am i gonna do with all these sandwiches?! will you take them home? give them to someone in your building?i don't know if i'd feel comfortable handing out bologna sandwiches in the building  s it.
 anything else? s it.
oh, i gotta go move the car.
 alright well, i guess we'll be going  re going?yeah.
wha - what are you doing later?oh, elaine and i are going out to dinner with kramer and his new girlfriend.
really?yeah, you can't believe this woman.
 she's one of those low-talkers.
 you can't hear a word she's saying! you're always going excuse me?', what was that?'yeah may - maybe i'll meet ya?no, george.
 we're going out to eat tonight with your father.
 oh okay talk to you later.
yeah, take it easy.
 oh, my god okay, well, he had this idea of a pizza place where you make your own pie! right.
you remember that?yeah, well, that was a good one.
well what's that?excuse me?yeah yeah.
yep.
 yeah you know that, uh, leslie s a designer.
 oh?in fact, she's come up with a new one that is going to be the big new look in men's fashion it's a, a puffy shirt.
 s all puffy.
 like the pirates used to wear.
oh, a puffy shirt.
puffy.
yeah, see, i think people want to look like pirates.
 you know, it's the right time for it to be all puffy, and devil-may-care  uh, o show on friday.
yeah, that's right!yep yep.
 um, he's promoting a poor, and the homeless  and the indigent.
and the indigent, yeah i, i do volunteer work for them.
 i-i set the whole thing up, and i got jerry to do it.
sure.
ohh, yeah.
 yeah yep.
uh-huh.
yep.
yep mmmmaybe you should take a civil service test.
 m not taking a civil service test.
look at this, george.
 you ever seen a silver dollar?yes, i've seen a silver dollar.
why don't you want to take a civil service test?to do what?! work in a post office? is that what you want me to do?would you believe when i was , i had a ssssilver dollar collection?i don't understand.
 you get job security - you get a pay check every week i'm a college graduate.
 you want me to be a mailman? t bring myself to spend one of these.
 i got some kind of a-a-a-a-a phobia.
so what are you gonna do?!i don't know.
 i do know that i have some kind of a talent - something to offer.
 i just don't know what it is yet!i bet that collection would be worth a lot of money today.
  oh my god i don't like this waiter.
 t want to come over.
 i need some air george, where are you going?! i got a lot of thinking to do.
oh, i'm sorry.
 i'm terribly sorry look at what you've done! you spilled my bag! i, i, i, here, let me - let me help you no, no ,no.
 it's all right.
 it - it's just that i'm here with my parents, and my mother wants me to take a civil service test - and to tell you the truth, i don't even think i'd pass it so hmm what? your hands.
what about them?they're quite exquisite!they are? extraordinary! have you ever done any hand modeling?hand modeling?   t get it.
me neither!what is it?i don't know.
they're hands!this woman just set me up for a job! t see how your hands are any better than my hands.
what, are you kidding? well, that's what comes from avoiding manual labor your whole life.
this is it! it happened to me, jerry! i was sitting in the restaurant, the two nut jobs were talking - i couldn't take it any more.
 i got up, and i bop into this woman it's just like in the movies.
hey.
 hey.
hey, george! oh!!!! what are you, crazy?! are you, crazy?!what?!you coulda damaged my hand! s only a toy! george has become a hand model.
a hand model?yes.
 really? let me see your hands.
 let's see masculine.
 i gotta get going.
oven mitts? would you mind getting the door?yeah alright.
 thank you very much.
 you're not going to believe what happening with leslie.
 you know, ever since you agreed to wear the puffy shirt on the today show, she's been getting all these orders from boutiques and department stores uh-huh since i said what?agreed to wear the puffy shirt.
 what are you talking about?when you said that you'd agree to wear the puffy shirt on the today show.
  this?yea.
i agreed to wear this?!yeah, yeah.
but, when did i do that?when we went to dinner the other night.
what are you, crazy?!what were you talking about when i went to the bathroom?i don't know! i couldn't understand a word she was saying! i was just nodding! there you go.
where i go? you mean she was asking me to wear this ridiculous shirt on national tv, and i said yes'?!yes, yes! you said it!but, i - i didn't know what she was talking about.
 i couldn't hear her! well, she asked you.
i - i can't wear this puffy shirt on tv! i mean, look at it! it looks ridiculous!well, you gotta wear it now! all those stores are stocking it based on the condition that you're gonna wear this on the tv show! the factory in new jersey is already makin em.
they're making these?yes, yes.
 this pirate trend that she's come up with, jerry, this-this is gonna be the new look for the 's.
 you're gonna be the first pirate! t want to be a pirate!i knew it.
 i knew it i always knew you always had beautiful hands.
 i used to tell people.
 frank, didn't i use to talk about his hands? ya ever mention his hands to? i mentioned his hands to plenty of people!you never mentioned them to me! hand me an emory board.
i always talk about your hands - how they're so soft and milky white no! you never said milky white! i said milky white! t hand them to me with the point facing out!i'm sorry.
you're sorry?! ll try to be more careful.
 georgie oh, georgie, would you like some jell-o? d you put the bananas in there?! george likes the bananas! so let him have bananas on the side!alright! please, please! i cannot have this constant bickering! stress is very damaging to the epidermis! now, i have an important photo session in the morning - my hands have got to be in tip-top shape, so please - keep the television down, and the conversation to a minimum.
 but georgie what about the jell-o? yeah, come in.
i just wanted to let you know he's got about five minutes.
giddy-up.
 jerry! five minutes!now that's a great looking shirt! s fantastic! t wear this! pirate look!yeah.
hi, kramer.
 guess what - i just saw bryant gumbel, he said he might help out at the benefit!great.
 what is that?!it's the puffy shirt.
 look at it, eh? whatd'ya think? is it cool or what? re you wearing that now? t hear her!when did she, when did she ask you this?when we were at dinner, when kramer went to the bathroom.
i didn't hear anything.
 of course not! nobody hears anything when this woman speaks! t wear that on the show.
 elaine, you want to stop? re all puffed up! you look like the count of monte cristo! re producing them as we speak! re gonna swing in on a chandelier! re wearing?i've never seen hands like these before they're so soft and milky white.
you know who's hands they remind me of? ray mckigney.
ugh ray.
he was it.
who was he?the most exquisite hands you've ever seen oh, he had it all.
 what happened to him? ve had any woman in the world but none could match the beauty of his own hand and that became his one true love you mean, uh ?yes.
 he was not master of his domain.
 but how uh ? i uh only hope you have a little more self-control.
 i won a contest.
ok, let's get to work.
 jerry, good morning.
 thank you, bryant.
 and speaking of clothing, that is a very, very unusual shirt you have on.
 oh, thank you.
you're all kinda, yeah, it's a puffy shirt.
 you look kinda like a pirate.
 re hoping to, um, raise enough money with this uh  m sorry, it is just a very unusual shirt.
 it could be kind of a whole new look for you you know, you could put a patch over an eye, you could be kind of like the pirate-comedian.
uh-huh, yeah.
 are you going to be wearing the shirt at the concert? s not my shirt.
 whose shirt is it?what's the difference? i agreed to wear it.
 it's - it's a puffy shirt.
 i feel ridiculous in it, and i think it's the stupidest shirt i've ever seen, to be perfectly honest with you.
  you bastard! did you hear that? that i heard.
 alright, a little to the left little higher, little higher.
 good.
 perfect! perfect.
like that?just like that.
 hold it.
 re done.
that's it? s it.
 it was an honor.
it was great working with you.
 your hands are beautiful.
 you know, i was wondering - if you're not doing anything later, maybe you'd like to get together ?you ruined me! you ruined my career!oh, just keep your voice down.
 everyone can hear you.
 t give a damn! t be in this costume in the first place! m busting!hey, i've never noticed your hands before.
 let me see.
alright.
  yeah, real nice.
 what is this? is this what you wore on the show?yeah.
what, have you completely lost your mind? hey who's dressing you? you ready?ow! hot! hot! m sorry.
 how could you forget to turn off an iron?well, i was excited because jerry was putting on the puffy shirt.
my whole life is ruined because of the .
 s no comeback for that! well, it got me fired from the benefit committee.
you know all those stores canceled out on her? she's finished.
 finished.
really? what happened? s life is in complete disarray.
what happened with all the shirts?they gave them all to goodwill.
ahh, can you spare a little change for an old buccaneer? s really not a bad looking shirt do you ever spit on anybody from here?no.
 you?no.
 do you ever think about it?yeah.
me too.
hey.
hey.
well i got it!you got me the air conditioner?what do you think?beautiful!what air conditioner?well my buddy works in an appliance store and he got us thirty percent off.
is it a good one?good one? it's the commando .
commando ? , btu's.
i thought you hated air conditioning.
 you've never had an air conditioner.
yeah, but amy likes air conditioning.
oooh, you're getting an air conditioner for amy.
 s a little hoooot.
all right.
okay, so, i'm gonna measure the window up, okay buddy?yeah.
yeah.
 yeah, rock on!i gotta get out of this city.
so you're tunneling to the center of the earth? i'm at the health club and while i'm in the pool, some guy walks off with my glasses.
 who steals prescription glasses?you don't have an old pair?i broke em playing basketball.
he was running from a bee.
 now if i wanna see anything i gotta wear these.
george, those are prescription goggles? what is there to see in a health club pool?there's a lot of change down there.
when i find that guy, this much i vow: those glasses will be returned to their rightful owner.
we're behind you, aquaboy.
 godspeed!what kind of a sick, demented person wants another person's glasses?yeah, especially those frames.
you know what you ought to do? go see my friend dwayne at j & t optical on columbus avenue.
 he'll give you thirty percent off.
yeah, come on.
hey, he just got me thirty percent off on an air conditioner.
really?retail is for suckers.
wow.
 uh, what do i have to do?you just gotta mention my name.
that's it?that's it.
 what about these?they look good.
 i liked the other one too.
 i've liked about five of them.
well, it's a tough decision.
 i have to wear these every day.
 i'm deciding on a new face.
 come on, george.
 pick a face and go with it.
now those look good, they're very bold.
yes, they are bold.
 jerry, what do you think? t wearing glasses.
hi there, little doggy.
 do you mind if i pet your dog?it's okay with me.
hey little doggy.
 aaah!hey, you can't have that dog in here.
are you okay? did he bite ya?can you believe that guy?i'm okay, it's just a nip.
he just walked away! and once again i'm standing here like a little man.
 well not this time! you! dog man!my leg looks pretty bad.
oh i'm gonna take you over to the emergency room.
okay.
 em?uuh, no, no.
all right, i'm gonna take elaine over to the hospital.
 good, good, do that.
what's the matter?oh, no, nothing.
what is it?i can't tell you.
 jerry, can we go?yeah, yeah, in a second, in a second.
 t tell me?i can't tell you, don't ask.
i'm asking!jerry, my leg.
yeah, yeah, take care of it.
 come on, george, what is it?i saw amy making out with your cousin jeffrey.
what?they were right outside!amy and jeffrey?yes!are you sure?yes, positive.
but you can't see, there's no lenses in those frames.
i know! i was squinting.
okay, listen, jerry, you just catch up with me okay? you can just follow the trail of blood.
we're gonna have to talk about this later.
 thank you.
 taxi! excuse me, what do you think of these?oh, we just got those in.
 it's a very exciting new frame.
yes, it is exciting! all right, this is gonna be my new face.
all right, do you have a prescription?yeah.
 kramer what?kramer what about him?you do know kramer?yes well, i'm mentioning his name.
why?because you know no, i don't know.
 look, i'm gonna need a deposit on these.
oh, come on.
 cousin jeffrey? it's not possible!why not? they could have met.
 she loves the park, he works for the parks department.
jerry, that is so ridiculous.
 but, george didn't even have his glasses on!but he was squinting.
so what? squinting doesn't make that much of a difference.
are you kidding? i've seen em squint.
 he can squint his way down to like twenty, thirty vision.
 once we were driving down from the catskills and he lost his glasses.
 he squinted his way from wortsborough down to the tappan zee bridge! he was spotting raccoons, on the road!okay.
okay? that's it? i don't need a shot?not shot, dog bite.
no, no, no.
 i know i wasn't shot.
 do i need a shot?not shot, dog bite.
 woof woof, not bang bang.
nah, look at this.
 cable's out.
oh that's okay, we don't have to watch tv.
no, no, no.
 no trouble at all, it's a principal the thing.
 m on hold.
 so, what did you do yesterday?yesterday?yeah, you remember yesterday? beautiful day good day to be out.
i didn't do anything.
 oh you must have done something.
no, nothing really.
didn't go out of the house? didn't take a walk on columbus avenue?well, i did go out for a little while.
well, your day's getting more interesting already.
 d be back in a minute and they lied.
you can't thrust anyone.
no you can't.
 t know about you swapping spit with somebody yesterday on columbus avenue?what are you talking about?look, my friend saw you.
saw me? with who?you tell me.
there's nothing to tell.
there isn't?no.
oh all right wanna get some pizza?i had a feeling this was to good to be true.
why?i knew there had to be another side to you.
no, no, there's no side!there is a side, an ugly side.
no, no, no ugly side.
look, i think i'm gonna go.
why?it's really hot in here.
uuh, so we can still go out on friday though?yeah.
 when you getting an air conditioner?it's coming! it's a commando ! .
 btu's! it's gonna be like a meat locker in here.
i was an idiot for listening to you!hey, i saw what i saw.
ooh, everything was going so well.
 she hadn't seen any flaws in me.
 now she sees a side.
what side?a bad side, an ugly side.
ooh, so what?so what? i wasn't planning on showing that side for another six months.
 now you make me throw off the whole learning curve.
why don't you just ask jeffrey?ah, he'd just deny it.
there must be some way to find out.
amy said nothing happened.
what, you're gonna take her word over mine? i'm your best friend!yeah, but you're blind as a bat!i was squinting! remember that drive from wortsborough? i was spotting those raccoons.
they were mailboxes, you idiot.
 i didn't have the heart to tell you.
 hey look, a dime.
heh, mercury head.
 you mind? hey what happened to you? you buzzed five minutes ago.
there was a dog in front of the building and it spooked me.
 i couldn't come in until he left.
a little white dog?yeah.
snowball? you were afraid of snowball?i'm afraid of dogs now.
he's like a squirrel.
well he frightened me.
did you get the shot?no.
 he said i didn't need a shot.
you got bit by a strange dog and you didn't get a rabies shot?what, you think i should have?you know, you should just go back to the optical store and ask dwayne if he knows the name of the owner of the dog.
all right, that's a good idea.
 i'm gonna do that.
the ac is on it's way.
pardon me, i went to see your friend dwayne there was no discount.
what?that's right, no discount!well did you mention my name?yes, i mentioned your name.
and?pbbbs, bubkis!now i don't believe this.
 that guy owes me big time.
 i got him off sugar! look, i'm gonna go down there with you right now.
all right, let me just i'm gonna grap an apple.
hey, kramer, elaine's afraid of snowball!little snowball? he runs on batteries!you know, george, that's an onion.
yes it is.
he couldn't tell an apple from an union and he's your eye witness?i saw them making out, you can believe it.
i don't know what to believe! you're eating unions, you're spotting dimes, i don't know what the hell is going on.
look, all you gotta to do, is get amy and jeffrey together somewhere, that's it.
hey wait a second, wait a second.
 i'm going over to jeffrey's apartment tomorrow night to pick up these paul simon tickets.
 i'm gonna surprise amy.
 all i gotta do is bring her with me.
 and then when jeffrey opens the door, it's howdy doody time.
right this way, mister doody! m right.
hey, dwayny.
oh hello kramer.
what is going on here?what are you talking about?i'm talking about the thirty percent discount.
uhm excuse me uh a man came in here elaine, don't interrupt, they're discounting something.
who said anything about a discount.
ooh, how quickly we forget.
 you owe me buddy.
for what?remember this?what are you doing?six months ago you were eating four of those for breakfast and chasing it with a ring ding.
 and two butter fingers on the train.
 sounds familiar?put that away!remember that night i found you at dinky donuts? you were all up on cinnamon swirls! they wouldn't serve you anymore! you wouldn't even have any teeth if it wasn't for me taking you over to joe's fruit stand and stuffin cantaloupe down your throat! so much for gratitude yeah, yeah, yeah!all right, all right, all right! i'll give him the discount, just put that thing away! this squares us.
can i just have the name out!we'll see you dwayne.
i don't know what to tell you, elton.
 m irritable! who picked these out?i did!they're ladies glasses! you know all you need is that little chain around your neck so you can wear em while you're playing canasta.
well elaine was supposed to help me.
hey! i got bit by a dog! i had to go to the hospital! i was bleeding to death! i can't solve every little problem you have!hey, hey.
i'm sorry sorry.
commando has arrived!take it to the window.
 .
 btu's of raw cooling power.
 installed!that's it? you don't have to screw it in or anything?no, just plug it in and the commando does the rest.
 ll seal that up later, right?just in time for amy.
oh yeah, when are you gonna execute that plan?i've got such a headache.
 oh, that's another symptom!of what?rabies.
oh that's fatal, you don't want that!i know i don't want it! i don't need you to tell me what i don't want, you stupid hipster dufus!hey, hey, what is this? what's going on here?i'm sorry, kramer, i'm sorry.
no, no, it's all right.
 i had a friend who had rabies once.
 may i have one of those, madam?madam? what are you calling me madam for?they're ladies glasses.
now look here, see it's right here: gloria vanderbilt collection.
he sold me ladies glasses!i i think i'm i'm having trouble swallowing.
 i can't i can't swallow.
she's got rabies, just like my friend bob sacamano.
 she's delirious.
 s foaming at the mouth!is this gonna hurt?yes, very much.
what if jeffrey's not home.
 did you ever think of that?oh he'll be home, it's friday night.
 that's the big night on the nature channel.
let me tell you this: there is no way cousin jeffrey is dating amy.
 he looks like a horse!he does look like a horse.
yeah, he's got a real horse face.
 hey! hey! you down there! remember me? i had to get shot because of your stupid dog!hey who are you calling stupid?hey, shall we spit on him?no no no no, come on, let's go downstairs.
 i think it got the dog!ah, oh boy.
excuse me, uh i'm new here, would you mind walking me back to my locker?oh uuh, sure, why not.
 s the guy.
what guy?the guy that stole my glasses.
 this time i got em! would you pick it up a little?where the hell are we going?he's getting on a bus, damn! those are nice glasses.
i don't like em, they pinch my nose.
is that right?dwayne, my friend and i would like to exchange frames.
 could you put his lenses in my frames and mine in his? yeah, we can do that.
and i'd like a discount.
why should i give you a discount.
listen, you're lucking i'm not asking for a whole refund.
 frames!what's that about ladies frames?i'm trying to track down that lady that was in here the other day, the one that was messing with my dog.
yeah, well, she's trying to track you down.
well i would love to talk with her.
 she lives on st street, right?no, that's jerry.
really? you wouldn't happen to know what apartment he's in, would you?yeah, a!thanks a lot!so what are we doing here?oh, you'll find out.
i don't know, you're acting very mysteriously.
well, i'm very mysterious by nature.
 a lot of women find that attractive.
i find it annoying.
oh?helloooo!uncle leo?!come on in.
this is amy.
hello amy.
unlce leo, what are you doing here?jeffrey went out tonight.
ooh! very convenient.
i'm supposed to tape this nature show for him, he loves nature.
 botany, zoology.
 you know his botany teacher from college stays in close touch with him? they became friends!oh really?that's pretty rare! i mean, actual friends! like equals! they have dinner together, they have discussions uncle leo! did he leave any tickets here for me?oh yeah yeah, i'll get em.
thank you.
what tickets?to the paul simon concert in the park!we're going to the paul simon concert?that's right, lady!oh what a great surprise!i thought you'd like that.
oooh, so that's why you've been acting so mysteriously.
now you know.
 that, and that alone, is the reason.
you know jeffrey's favorite animal: the leopard.
why is that?he likes the spots.
 oh uh, here's the tickets.
thank you.
oh uh, he asked me to give you a message.
 he said that uh he's very sorry and uh he hopes you'll forgive em.
 s true! you were making out with him!what are you talking about, i don't know jeffrey.
 oh so this is why you brought me up here?oh very convincing, but it's not gonna work this time.
what are you talking about? all he meant was that he was sorry that the seats aren't very good.
oh oh wanna get some pizza?boy, these really do pinch the nose.
tough luck! a deal's a deal.
oh my god it is them.
i still don't know how you spotted that dime.
 i think you planted it.
 plus i had to pay that vet bill for the stupid dog.
 i don't know how that guy got my name.
yeah.
 hmm.
 boy these really do pinch.
 i tell you, if i ever find the son of a bitch that stole my glasses so, does he like you?what do you think?you like him?yeah, yeah like him, definitely like him.
 i like him a lot.
so, what's wrong with him?nothing, and i've looked.
well, i'm sure you'll find something.
so, how did you meet him?in the office.
so, he's a writer.
yeah.
yeah, big surprise.
so, i was sitting at the reception desk, i was looking pretty hot.
 i was wearing my sling back pumps.
what are those?ask your mother, t you? anyway, so then this guy comes up to me and starts feeling my jacket through his thumb and his forefinger like this.
so, what did you do?i said: so, what do you think?'.
 and he said, gabardine?'.
 and i said, yeah.
 that was it.
wow, just felt your material?yeah jake jarmel.
sounds like a cool guy.
sounds like a jerk.
 felt your material, come on.
jerry, where did you get that sweater?oh, what do you think? i found it at the back of my closet.
i think that's what the back of closets are for.
hey, that's barry.
 look it's barry.
  hey hi.
who's that?that's barry prophet, he's our accountant.
i don't know how you can let this guy handle all your money.
oh, he doesn't handle my money, he handles jerry's money.
 he just does my taxes.
hey barry, how you doing?hey, how are you?this is my friend george.
hi george.
 hi, what are you doing on this neighborhood?nothing really.
 you, eh, you eat here?yeah, so how's my money?well it's still green.
 what, you got a cold?no, no.
wow, look at that ring.
 s the bathroom?bathroom uh, bathroom's uh right over there.
 oh, great.
did you see that?see what?yes, i saw that.
what?what was all that sniffing?i don't know.
you don't think ?oh, no! come on jerry.
he was definitely sniffing.
i mean what if, what if, this this guy has got all my money.
 plus he has got some kramer's money with him.
 this guy could write checks to himself right out of my account.
no, i have known this guy since college.
 he doesn't do drugs.
then, what was all that sniffing?maybe it's the cold weather.
today's not cold.
all right, i gotta get going.
 my parents are expecting me.
 t forget to wash your hands before supper.
why do you need all that ketchup for?this is my ketchup.
 i bought this ketchup just so i could have as much as i want.
so i, i talked to phil casacof today.
phil casacof?yeah, you know my friend, the bra salesman.
 he says they are looking maybe to put somebody on so i got you an interview next friday with his boss.
next friday, what time? o'clock.
that's my whole afternoon! i was going to look for sneakers.
you can look for sneakers the next day!he doesn't know anything about bras.
i know a little.
 besides, what do you have to know?well, it wouldn't hurt to go in the and be able to discuss it intelligently.
 maybe you should take a look at a few bras? where is you bra? give him a bra to look.
i am not giving him a bra.
why not?because i don't need him looking at my bra.
why, so he'll go to the interview and he wouldn't know what he's talking about!?!do we have to ?you don't even know what they're made from.
they are made from lycra-spandex.
get out of here! lycra-spandex?i think they are made from lycra-spandex.
wanna bet? how much you wanna bet?i'm not betting!take a look.
all right, i'll get a bra.
 t know what the big problem is getting a bra?!she doesn't want to get a bra.
i'm not saying go to the library and read the whole history, but it wouldn't kill you to know a little bit about it.
all right, it wouldn't kill me.
how long it takes to find a bra? what's going on in there? you ask me to get a pair of underwear, i'm back in two seconds you know about the uh cup sizes and all? they have different cups.
yea i-i know about the cups.
you got the a, the b, the c and the d.
 that's the biggest.
i know the d is the biggest.
 i've based my whole life on knowing that the d is the biggest.
here, here's the bra.
let me see it.
 % lycra-spandex.
let me see it.
i told you.
 here, think you know everything?hmm, that's surprising.
 all right, what else? you got the cups in the front, two loops in the back.
 all right, a guess that's about it.
i got it.
 cups in the front, loops in the back.
 you got ketchup on it!sniffing, what do you mean sniffing?sniffing, with his nose.
jerry, he probably had a cold.
no, i asked him.
so, what are you saying?i don't know, you know, what if ?drugs? you think he's on drugs?i don't know.
jerryall i know he was sniffing.
listen, we went in on a cd together.
i know.
and newman gave you money too.
 so, i didn't even meet this guy.
 you know, we trusted you.
look, it doesn't necessarily mean anything yet, it just means he was sniffing.
well, what else? was he nervous? did he use a lot of slang? did he use the word man'?no, he didn't use man'.
i mean when he was leaving did he say i'm splittin''?no, but in one point he did use the bathroom.
whoh!do you think that's a bad sign?yes!! yes, that's what they do! they live in the bathroom! all right, what are we going to do? we are going to get our money back, right?i don't know.
 this sweater really itches me.
 you want it? yeah.
hello .
 hello, oh well, you notice anything?you have cleaned out the whole apartment and you're making dinner.
 you're perfect, you're a perfect man.
ooh did anyone call?you got a few messages, i wrote them down.
where are they?lets see, they are here they are.
thank you.
 s wonderful! who called?she did.
she did? oh, that's so great!where do you keep the corkscrew?in the drawer on the right.
 hmm what?nah it's nothing.
what is it?it's nothing.
tell me.
well, i was just curious why you didn't use an exclamation point?what are you talking about?see, right here you wrote myra had the baby', but you didn't use an exclamation point.
so?so, it's ya nothing.
 forget it, forget it, i just find it curious.
what's so curious about it?well, i mean if one of your close friends had a baby and i left you a message about it, i would use an exclamation point.
well, maybe i don't use my exclamation points as haphazardly as you do.
you don't think that someone having a baby warrants an exclamation point.
hey look, i just chalked down the message.
 i didn't know i was required to capture the mood of each caller.
i just thought you would be a little more excited about a friend of mine having a baby.
ok, i'm excited.
 i just don't happen to like exclamation points.
well, you know jake, you should learn to use them.
 like the way i'm talking right now, i would put an exclamation points at the end of all these sentences! on this one! and on that one!well, you can put one on this one: i'm leaving!you're out of your mind you know that.
why?it's an exclamation point! it's a line with a dot under it.
well, i felt a call for one.
a call for one, you know i thought i've heard everything.
 i've never heard a relationship being affected by a punctuation.
i found it very troubling that he didn't use one.
george was right.
 didn't take you long.
anything new with that guy on drugs?oh, he's not on drugs.
then why the sniffing? who walks around sniffing?all right, here, you call him right now.
 see if he's sniffing right now.
good idea.
 prophet and goldstein.
yes, i'd like to speak to barry prophet, please.
i'm sorry he's out of town this week.
out of town?yes, he went to south america.
south america?south america?i'll call back, thank you.
 he went to south america!yyyeeaaah!!so what?who goes to south america?people go to south america.
yeah, and they come back with things taped to they're large intestine.
so, because of a few bad apples you're gonna impugn an entire continent?yes, i'm impugning a continent.
well, i say we're going to take our money right now!hey, hey hello newman.
hello jerry.
 so, any news?yeah, he skipped out and went to south america!south america?! what kind of snow blower you get us mixed up with?look it, gentlemen.
 the fact remains you still have no proof.
 this is all speculation and hearsay.
wait, there is one way to find out.
 we set up a sting.
 you know like abscam.
 like abscam jerry.
ohh, what are you gonna do? you gonna put on phony beards and dress-up like arab sheiks and sit around in some hotel room.
 i mean come on wait a second.
 maybe there is someway we can tempt him and find out if we put our three heads together we should come up with something.
what's today?it's thursday.
really? feels like tuesday.
tuesday has no feel.
 monday has a feel, friday has a feel, sunday has a feel .
i feel tuesday and wednesday all right, shut up the both of you! you're making me nervous.
 where is he already? he should've been out of work by now.
hey, you know this is kind of fun.
yeah, maybe we oughta become private detectives yeah maybe you should.
maybe i will.
yeah, me too.
all right, what are you gonna say to him?just gonna find out if he's interested.
hey, hey maybe i should go with him?no, you stay here in the car.
who made you the leader?all right newman, one more peep outta you, you're out of the whole operation!alright.
there he is.
 he's going into that bar.
all right, i'm going in.
be careful kramer.
i shoulda gone in with him.
no, you stay here in the car.
 i may need you.
what you need me in the car for?i might need you to get me a soda.
i'll have a brewsky, charlie.
the name's mitch.
oh, there's nothing like a cold one after a long day, eh?yeah.
oh yeah, i've been known to drink a beer or two.
 but then again, i've been known to do a lot of things.
 cigarette? no, i never touch them.
i suck'em down like coca-cola.
 well here's to feeling good all the time.
 ve got yourself a little cold there, eh fella?i don't think so.
me neither.
you should try this new dental floss glide, it's fantastic.
i use dental tape.
you should try this.
i don't wanna.
not even once?no.
you're an idiot.
why, because i use dental tape?right, anyone who uses dental tape is an idiot.
south america?yeah, yeah.
well that's a burgeoning continent.
well, they are expanding their economic base.
tell me about it.
 excuse me, i gotta goto the bathroom.
i'm hip.
hip to the what?to the whole scene.
 what scene?the bathroom scene.
 listen, don't take this personally, but when i'm coming back i'm sitting over there.
what ever turns you on.
no, no i don't like it.
what do you mean you don't like it? how could you not like it?i like the thick tape.
heeyy!! what kind of a nut are you?so, basically george the job here is quite simple.
 selling bras.
well, that interests me very much mr.
 farkus.
very much indeed, sir.
have you ever sold a woman's line before?no, but um i have very good report with women, very good, comfortable.
 and from the first time i laid eyes on a brassieres, i was enthralled.
hum.
 tell me about it.
well, i was years old.
 i was in my friends bathroom.
 his mother's brassieres were hanging on the shower rod and i picked it up, studied it.
 i thought, i like this.
 i didn't know what way or what level, but i knew: i wanted to be around brassieres.
that's an incredible story.
 you have a remarkable passion for brassieres.
well, they're more than an underwear to me mr.
 farkus.
 two cups in the front, two loops in the back.
 how do they do it?well, i think i can say, barring some unforeseen incident, that you will have a very bright future here at e.
d.
 granmont.
thank you mr.
farkus, thank you very much indeed sir.
see you monday o'clock.
if you don't mind, sir.
 i'll be here at .
excellent.
so long, mr.
 farkus.
what you're think you're doing?oh, nothing farkus, get out here!yes, ms.
 de granmont?farkus, who is this pervert little weasel?uh, this is costanza, he's our new bra salesman.
 s supposed to start on monday.
if he's here on monday, you're not.
 take a pick.
 m terribly sorry ms.
 de granmont you wanted to see me, mr.
 lippman?i was just uh going over the jake jarmel book and i understand you worked with him very closely on this.
yes yes i did.
and uh, anyway i was just reading your final edit and um, there seems to be an inordinate number of exclamation points.
uh well um, i felt that the writing lacked certain emotion and intensity.
ah, right, well you put exclamation point after sweatshirt?that's that's correct, i-i felt that the character doesn't like to be ch-ch-chilly i see, exclamation point?well, yeah, you know how frustrating that can be when you keep putting quarters and quarters in to machine and then nothing comes out get rid of the exclamation points ok, ok ok i hate exclamation points  ok i'll just .
'dear barry.
 consider this letter to be official termination of our relationship effective immediately.
'exclamation point.
you still have no proof.
elaine, he was sniffing like crazy around me.
'i will expect all funds in form of cashier checks no later than the th'.
double exclamation point!will that take care of ours too?yeah, i'll give you yours as soon as i get my money back.
hey, you want me to mail it? i'm on my way out anyway.
yeah, thanks.
it'll be my pleasure.
see'ya later.
you know this hey, ralph.
hi ralph.
what's up fellas? that'll be .
 .
all right.
mushrooms, you got mushrooms jerry?yeah.
what's the matter? you've got a cold?no man kramer, what is this?it's a sweater.
what is it made out of?i don't know, jerry gave it to me.
mohair, i think.
mohair, that figures, i'm allergic to mohair.
you mean you just started sniffing?yeah, mohair does it to me every time.
i was wearing that sweater in the coffee shop when barry came in.
jerry, i was wearing it in the bar.
the sweater! the sweater made him sniff! see, i told you he wasn't a drug addict.
oh no! the letter, newman, it's got exclamation points all over it!not to mention the picture of him on the toilet.
the what??after you.
thank you.
get your hands off of me! johnny!!! johnny!what do you mean you felt the material? what, with your fingers like this?so what, what is so bad about that?who goes around feeling people's material? what can be gained by feeling a person's material? it's insanity!what ever happened to why, that's a lovely dress you have on.
 may i have this dance?'!!you are really lucky newman never mailed that letter.
sorry i'm late, i just came from a meeting with my lawyer.
what is this?it's a letter from your friend barry prophet's lawyer.
he is filing a chapter eleven.
 why, what's going on, why is he filing a chapter eleven?bankruptcy, bankruptcy as in i've taken your money and spent it on drugs!what do you mean, i thought it was the sweater.
all right, what about the money?what about the money? apparently if i had dissolved my relationship with him prior to his filing chapter eleven, i've could've got the money back.
 which i would've done, if a certain imbecile had been able to get to a mailbox and mail a letter!!pair of bear claws, please.
nice.
think so?yeah, what is it?half silk, half cotton, half linen.
 how can you go wrong? and then baby's head comes out, and i'm screaming and my brother who's been videotaping the whole thing turns green, his eyes roll up in his head and he blacks out, he drops the camera, the camera breaks, and then, the placenta comes flying out.
whoa.
and then doctor says  s enough.
will you look at that kid.
 sucking away.
 sucking like there's no tomorrow.
 suck, suck, suck  yeah, yeah, yeah.
look at that jerry, look at that.
 sucking, sucking yeah, i looked.
 i saw.
this doesn't make you uncomfortable, does it?no, uncomfortable? not at all.
 s breast sticking out - why would that make me uncomfortable?look at him.
so how long do they do this?jus, a year or two.
no break?after that comes the weaning.
so after the sucking, comes the weaning.
first the sucking then the weaning.
well, you gotta wean.
gotta wean.
must wean.
what about that spot i got?yeah, i saw the spot.
you open the door to the car, boom, you walk right into the hospital.
 eh, you can't beat that spot.
 m just willing these great parking spots.
george maybe the baby would like to see my spot.
 a positive, uplifting message to start his life out with.
 huh, you can still get a great space in this city - if you apply yourself.
 t he be here by now.
did you give him the room number?ya, .
 , , excuse me.
 do you know where the elevator is?uh ya, it's right around the corner there.
 .
oh! god, it's a pig man! a pig man! so anyway, jerry, elaine, we have something we want to ask you.
you gotta look at this.
 i pulled it in perfectly equidistant from the car in front of me and the car behind me.
will you shut up george.
i'm taking a cab home.
 i can't this anymore.
you were saying stan? i-i'm sorry about that.
myra and i would like you and elaine to be the godparents of steven.
huuh, wow.
me? godfather?yes.
 never go against the family, elaine.
what?hey, i just saw a pig man! a pig man! ya know he was sleeping and then he woke up and he looked up at me an-and he made this horrible sound, this .
kramer, what the hell are you talking about?i'm talking about the pig man.
 i went into the wrong room and there he was.
a pig-man?a pig-man.
 half pig, half man!that's great kramer so-so, anyway, tell us what's involved in being a godparent.
 the most important thing is you help with the bris.
the bris?a bris? you mean circumcision?ya.
i would advise against that.
wha, kramer.
 it's a tradition.
ya well, so was uh sacrificing virgins to appease the gods, but we don't do that anymore.
well, maybe we should.
 hey, why are all those people milling around my car?i don't know.
maybe they're admiring your spot.
they're all looking up.
hey, there's a guy up the roof.
whoa.
 that's the guy that i told where the elevator was.
oh well, i hope he doesn't jum oh my!my car! my caaaaarrrr!a mohel! what the hell is a mohel?a mohel is the person that performs the circumcision.
where am i going to find a mohel? motels, models how do you find a mohel?oh, finding a mohel is a piece of cake.
 any idiot can find a mohel.
 i have to hold the baby while they do it.
 that's a tough job.
 how would you like that?hey jerry, you ever seen one?you mean that wasn't uh.
yeah.
no you?ya.
what'd you think? s me.
hey.
well i just got the estimate.
 it's going to cost more to fix that roof than the car's worth, so i'm going over to see that hospital administrator today.
 someone is gonna pay for this damage and it's not gonna be me.
ah, you're screwed.
i know, swan dives from twenty floors up, lands right on top.
 what do i got a bulls eye up there? he couldn't move over two feet? land on the sidewalk.
 it's city property.
well i have to interview a mohel.
how about our little elaine huh? attended the finest finishing schools on the eastern seaboard.
 equestrian competitions.
 debutante balls.
 look at her now.
 interviewing mohels.
yea!what's the matter?are you alright?don't even question my instincts, because my instincts are honed.
 look at that.
what now?look look.
 yeah, so?pig-man, baby.
 pig-man.
if i hear about this pig-man one more time hey, i'm tellin ya the pig-man is alive.
 the government has been experimenting with pig-men since the fifties.
oh, will you stop it.
 just because a hospital studying dna research doesn't mean they're creating a race of mutant pig-men!jerry wake up to reality.
 it's a military thing.
 they're probably creating a whole army of pig warriors.
i tell you something.
 i wish there were pig-men.
 you get a few of these pig-men walking around suddenly i'm looking a whole lot better.
 then if somebody wants to fix me up at least they could say, hey he's no pig-man!'believe me, there'd be plenty of women going for these pig-men.
 whatever the deformity is there's always some group of perverts that's attracted to it.
 oo that little tail really turns me on.
' s just about enoughoh, what's the matter this doesn't interest you?oh, no, it's fascinating, but could you do me a favor, could ya tape the rest of the pig-men and the women who love them discussion and i'll listen to it the next time i'm here.
 i've gotta go find a mohel.
you know, you should call this off, elaine.
 it's a barbaric ritual.
well, perhaps one day when the pig-men roam free it will be stopped kramer.
 until then, off with their heads.
but kramer, isn't it a question of hygiene?it's a myth.
 besides, it makes sex more pleasurable.
yeah.
 so how does that help me? hey george, you ever see one?yeah, my roommate in college.
so what'd you think? i got used to it.
alright, i'm waiting.
 i-i want to see the pig-man.
 show me the pig- man.
oh, don't worry.
 i'm gonna show you, and you'll never be the same.
maybe he's just a guy with a nose like this.
 re not necessarily pig-men.
believe me, jerry, somewhere in this hospital the anguished oink of pig-man cries out for help.
well, if i hear an anguished oink', i'm outta here.
 i-i don't see any pig-men.
 look what?!oh, it's george.
alright the administrator's on the third floor.
 i'll meet you guys back at the car.
wait wait george.
 you got room in the car for the pig-man huh?the pig-man can take the bus.
george, if the pig-man had a car, he would give you a ride.
how do you know? what if pig-man had a two-seater?be realistic george.
i'll tell you what, if pig-man shows up, we'll squeeze him in.
 i'll see you later.
yea.
mr.
 costanza, come in, come in.
 it's been a very trying couple of days around the hospital.
 doctors, patients, everyone, just grief stricken over this unfortunate occurrence.
well, i join them in their grief.
horrible thing.
 flew right past the children's wing.
 all the sick children, in the playroom, looking out the window, just traumatized by the incident.
 apparently, they thought he was flying.
 you know how children are, oh look.
 a man is flying.
 a man is flying and then, splat that's where i come in.
 umm, on splat.
 uh, you see, mrs.
 sweedler, or is it hospital administrator sweedler?mrs.
 sweedler's fine.
mrs.
 sweedler thank you.
 y-you see, this tragedy affected me in a very, very personal way.
how is that?yes, well you see, the deceased landed on my car.
 the uh splat, as it were, actually occurred on the roof of my car.
 now of course i can't help but feel that had it been a convertible this whole tragedy might have been averted but i've never been the kind of guy to buy a convertible, what with the baldness and everything.
well i have known bald men who owned convertibles.
 they wore a hat.
yes but then everything is all pulled down and it's jus anyway.
 the damage, unfortunately, has marred an otherwise fine automobile, rendering it virtually undriveable.
 yes, well, that is a shame.
yes, a shame.
 that is exactly how i would put it.
 now mrs.
 sweedler, with all due discretion and sensitivity, and taking in the whole scope of the situation, i just can't help but think that, the hospital is somehow responsible for compensating the other, still living victim of horrendous, horrendous tragedy.
mr.
constanza.
yes.
a man plummeted tragically to his ultimate demise -yes.
 and you greedily, callously want to profit from it? m not really profiting that much.
 they might be a little high, but get out! get out, now! get out of my office.
should i leave this ?get out!excuse me.
 what happened to the man, that was in this room before?i don't know what you're talking about.
you know.
 .
no.
 t look familiar to you?uh, sir?look, i know what's going on.
 the oink, oink.
yes well if you'll excuse me.
 i really have some patients i have to attend to.
 now listen to me you little quack, there was a half man, half pig in that room over there.
 now where is he?! where is he?!half-what?you know what i mean - pork, sausage, s all folks.
i think he's been released.
he's lying.
alright kramer, enough of this.
 let's go find george.
alright you go ahead.
kramer.
where's the mohel?he'll be here.
he's late already.
relax.
 you'd think you were getting whacked.
i don't know why he asked me to be the godfather.
 we're not even that close of friends.
 just cause we're on the softball team, i'm the pitcher, he's the catcher he thinks we have a special relationship?i thought pitchers and catchers did have a special rapport.
well maybe in hardball with all the signals and everything but i'm just lobbing it in.
 we don't have any conferences.
 he doesn't come out to the mound and encourage me.
what about me? i mean i just watched a few games with her sitting in the stands.
don't they have any closer friends.
 they're level jumping on our friendship.
yes it is level jumping.
so uh been to a bris before?no.
i've been to a few of em.
 if you uh start to get woozy later, which is quite common, stay close to me.
 i'll get you through it.
 i'm a cardiologist.
 i think i'll manage.
oh.
we're not talking about a manicure.
 imagine, this is going to be his first memory.
 of his parents just standing there while some stranger cutting off a piece of his manhood and then serves a catered lunch.
 myra?kramer, what's the matter with you?me? s the mohel.
 s the mohel! the mohel is here! thank god, the mohel is here.
hello.
 m the mohel.
hello.
 cause this will be the time to exercise it when baby is crying in that high-pitched, squealing tone that can drive you insane!!!did you find the place alright?did i find it alright? could you send me to a more dangerous neighborhood? i'm dreading walking back to the subway, someone shouldn't crack me over the head and steal my bag, because i'll be lying there and people will spit on me and empty my pockets.
 i'll be lying in the gutter like a bum, like a dog, like a mutt, like a mongrel, like an animal! god forbid anybody should help me or call an ambulance.
 oh no, that's too much trouble to pick up a phone and press a few buttons.
 ahh! what's the point.
 oh, ya haha.
 t think you want that, is it? do ya? huh? s very highly recommended.
 so  re holding the baby? no, no.
hello! who's holding the baby?!? who's holding the baby? m holding the baby.
 ok, go.
i'm going.
go.
i'm going.
c'mondon't push me.
okay.
 you sit here.
 now i need the baby.
 bring me the baby.
 i need the baby!no, i'm not going to let this happen.
 kramer! let go of the baby! kramer!people compose yourselves.
 t touch a thing!ok.
 s a union, with benefits.
 and, cows have no families.
 you make a mistake with a cow, you move on with your life anyway.
hurry up george! step on it!alright, alright!that damn mohel - he circumcised my finger! the mohel circumcised my finger!you flinched.
flinched? i did not flinch.
 george, did i flinch?oh how would he know.
 he blacked out.
 he fainted.
it was very traumatic.
 the last thing i remember is you flinching.
 then, everything went black.
who's got a tissues? i need more tissues! look at this thing.
 it's my phone finger!be careful, you're getting blood all over the car.
what about the baby?oh the baby's fine.
 they just took him to the hospital as a precautionary measure.
 but look at me.
 i'm the one who's hurt.
would you stop it? you're just gonna need a few stitches.
a few stitches? i've never had stitches.
 i'll be deformed.
 i can't live with that.
 it goes against my whole personality.
 it's not me!hey look a that - boy are you lucky - another great spot - right in front of the hospital.
 in an emergency yet! how lucky are you huh? is that unbelievable? how unbelievable is that huh? come on, give it to me, give it to me.
i have never seen a mohel like that.
that was a one in a million mohel.
i said i'm sorry.
look at this.
oh you'll be ok.
 i'll see you later.
wha, where is he going?oh well if it isn't shakey the mohel! nice job on the circumcision but it's not supposed to be a finger.
 the circumcision was perfect.
 the finger was your fault! you flinched!oh who made you a mohel? whadya, get your degree from a matchbook? ya see! he flinched again!nice mohel picking, elaine.
 you picked a helluva mohel!one more peep out of you and i'll slice you up like a smoked sturgeon.
oh don't threaten me, butcher boy.
butcher boy?!ya what was this? what was this? it was not!jerry, be careful.
 the mohel's got a knife! s going on out here? you two should be ashamed of yourselves, both of ya!ah, blood.
oh, how's the baby?there's nothing wrong with the baby.
the circumcision went fine.
thank god the flincher didn't harm the baby.
amen.
i will get you for this.
 this is my business, this is my life.
 no one ruins this for me.
 no one! s my card.
 outta my way! look what they did to my boy, they massacred my boy.
you really do the worst godfather i ever heard.
 you're not even close.
 s the flicks.
 ?no.
no.
 and he's not a pig-man is he?no, he's not just a fat little mental patient.
myra, stan.
don't touch himwhat's the matter?you're out, jerry.
 you're out as godfather.
 you too, elaine.
 you're both out.
but i didn't do anything.
no, no buts.
 we made up our minds.
 we want kramer.
 he showed us how much he cares about steven.
 t ever go against the family jerry.
 godfather.
 godfather.
yesprofessional tennis.
 to me i don't understand all the shushing.
 why are they always shushing.
 shh, shh.
 don't the players know that we're there? should we duck down behind the seats so they don't see us watching them? to me tennis is basically just ping-pong and the players are standing on the table.
 that's all it is.
 and that goofy scoring, you win one point and all the sudden you're up by .
 two points, -love.
 -love.
 sounds like an english call girl.
 that'll be , love and could you be a little quieter next time, please, shh.
 are these seats unbelievable or what? where's the sunblock? here.
  ? you don't have anything higher? what, are you on mercury? i need higher.
 this has paba in it, i need paba-free.
 you got a problem with paba? yes, i have a problem with paba.
 you don't even know what paba is.
 i know enough to stay away from it.
  -loveso are you going to todd's party this weekend? i'll go if someone else drives.
 you going? gwen really wants to go.
 you're bringing a date to a party? no good? a party is a bad date situation.
 it doesn't matter who you're with.
 you could be with j.
 edgar hoover.
 you don't want to sit and talk with hoover all night.
 you want to circulate.
 ho, ho, ho.
 why'd you pick hoover? was he that interesting to talk to? well i would think, with the law enforcement and the cross dressing.
 seems like an interesting guy.
 yeah i guess.
 what can i do? i gotta take her with me.
 todd introduced us, i'm obligated.
 that woman is absolutely stunning.
 who, the croat? [the tennis player] not the croat, the lineswoman.
 that is the most beautiful lineswoman i've ever seen.
 yeah, she's a b.
l.
 b.
l.
? beautiful lineswoman.
 alright listen uh i'm going to go to the concession stand and get some real sunblock.
 you want anything? jerry? jerry? you know, i just heard the lexington line is out.
  uh, you are kidding me.
 how am i supposed to get to this meeting? take a car service.
 we have an account.
 oh forget it, i hate those.
 everytime i take one, the driver will stop talking to me.
 no matter how disinterested i seem he just keeps yakking away.
 blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
 why does everything always have to have a social componant? now a stage coach, that would have been a good situation for me.
 cause i'm in the coach, and the driver is way up there on the stage.
 well you're not going to get a cab now.
 four thirty in the afternoon? read a magazine, keep your head down.
 yea, i guess that could work.
 and that is it.
 the match to ms.
 natalia valdoni.
 coming up next, mens single, but for now let's stop a minute and take a look at our beautiful tennis center backdrop.
 hey, hey, it's george.
 holy cow it's a scorcher.
 boy i bet you that guy can cover a lot of court.
 dag gavershole plaza huh? miss? pardon me? books, that's what you do? yeah.
 yeah, i don't read much myself, well you know besides the paper.
 yeah a lot of people read to relax, not me.
 you know what i do? you know i-i'm having a lot of trouble, um, hearing you back here.
 so  when i want to relax? the jumble.
 hey uh do you make a book of jumbles? i'm going to have to be honest with you.
 i'm going deaf.
 going deaf? what? oh i-i-i'm sorry.
 it can be very frustrating.
 hey what about a hearing aid? am i fearing aids? oh, yeah sure, who isn't.
 but you know you gotta live your life.
 no, no i said.
 ehhh, forget it.
 i can't take my eyes off that lineswoman.
 the woman is absolutely mesmerizing.
 boy you are really smitten.
 i gotta talk to her.
 what do you think? cold? how are you going to do that? you're not one of those guys.
 i'm going to psyche myself into it like those people that just walk across the hot coals.
 they're not mocked and humiliated when they get to the other side.
 i have to.
 i won't be able to live with myself.
 wait a minute jerry, there's a bigger issue here.
 if you go through that wall and become one of those guys i'll be left here on this side.
 take me with you.
 i can't.
 what are you going to say? i don't know, hi'.
  re not going to make it.
 base to come in yes this is after this go back to city for a : pickup righteo  bleeker the party's hanks.
 tom hanks.
 tom hanks? after me you're picking up tom hanks? i love him.
 so i guess your hearing goes in and out huh?  yeah.
 yes it does yeah.
 you know what i think? i think you made that whole thing up.
 no no, no no.
 yeah yeah, i know your type.
 you're too good to make conversation with someone like me.
 oh god forbid you could discuss the jumbles.
 but to go so far as to pretend you're almost deaf, i mean that is truly disgusting.
 and mr.
 tom hanks, may i say he too would be disgusted by your behavior.
 excuse me.
 oh well, what are you deaf? bingo.
 and you're saying she's deaf.
 i'm not she's deaf, she's deaf.
 can't hear a thing.
 can't hear a thing.
 and you're going to go out with her.
 yeah, isn't that something? hey.
 hey.
 hey i know how to sign.
 really? yeah when i was , i had a deaf cousin who lived with us for about a year.
 t been able to do it in a while.
 what is this about? i met this deaf lineswoman at the tennis match.
 you are kidding.
 that is amazing.
 i just took a car service from work and to get the driver to not talk to me, i pretended i was going deaf.
 wow good plan.
 oh didn't work.
 he caught me hearing.
 alright it's terrible, but i'm not a terrible person.
 no.
 no.
 when i shoo squirrels away, i always say get out of here'.
 i never ever throw things at them and try to injure them like other people.
 that's nice.
 yeah, and when i see freaks in the street i never, ever stare at them.
 yet, i'm careful not to look away, see, because i want to make the freaks feel comfortable.
  s nice for the freaks.
 yeah, and i don't poof up my hair when i got to a movie so people behind me can see.
 i've got to make it up to this guy or i won't be able to live with myself.
 what can i do? why don't you get him some tickets or something, how about that friend of yours that works at the ticket agency.
 yeah yeah pete, he can get you great tickets to something.
 really?like a rock concert.
 whatever you like.
 oh great, thanks kramer.
 you got it.
 hey jerry, do me a favor.
 the next time you see that lineswoman ask her how those ball boys get those jobs.
 i would love to be able to do that.
 kramer, i think perhaps you've overlooked one of the key aspects of this activity.
 it's ball , not ball men.
 there are no ball men.
 yeah i think he's right.
 i've never seen a ball man.
 well there ought to be ball men.
 all right i'll talk to her.
 if you want to be a ball man go ahead, break the ball barrier.
 hey.
hey you know a friend of mine from work said that she saw george at the tennis match on tv yesterday.
 yeah, yeah me too.
 yeah he was at the snack bar eating a hot fudge sundae.
 he had it all over his face.
 he was wearing that chocolate on his face like a beard and they got in there real nice and tight.
 and he's i'm sorry george.
 i don't understand things were going so great.
 what happened? something must have happened.
 it's not you, it's me.
 you're giving me the it's not you, it's me routine? i invented it's not you, it's me'.
 nobody tells me it's them not me, if it's anybody it's me.
 all right, george, it's you.
 you're right it's me.
 i was just trying to i know what you were trying to do.
 nobody does it better than me.
 i'm sure you do it very well.
 yes well unfortunately you'll never get the chance to find out.
 but i thought things were going great.
 yeah so did i.
 did she say why? no.
 she tried to give me the it's not you, it's me routine.
 but that's your routine.
 yeah.
 well aparently word's out.
 hey, georgie, i saw you on tv yesterday.
 really? at the tennis match? yeah you were at the snack bar eating a hot fudge sundae.
 get out of here.
 i didn't see any cameras there.
 oh, the cameras was, vrooom, there.
 the announcers, they made a couple of cracks about you.
 cracks? what were they saying? that you had ice cream all over your face.
 they were talking about how funny you looked.
 oh my god, maybe gwen saw it.
 maybe that's what did it.
 well i'll tell you it wasn't a pretty sight.
 she must have seen me eating it on tv.
 so she sees you with hot fudge on your face and she ends it? you really think she would be that superficial? why not.
 i would be.
 hello oh hi dad you saw him? really with the ice cream? all right i'll talk to you later, bye.
 you're parents saw me on tv? yeah.
 this is nighmare.
 kramer how long was i on? it felt like seconds.
 one-one-thousand, two-one-thousand, three-one-thousand.
 i heard you inhaled that thing.
 did anyone tape it? can we move on? he thinks gwen broke up with him because she saw him eating the ice cream on tv.
 oh come on.
 if she's that superficial you don't want her.
 yes i do.
 so i guess you're not going to todd's party on friday.
 well i can't now, gwen's going to be there.
 well she should be the one that shouldn't go.
 well if a couple breaks up and have plans to go to a neutral place, who withdraws? what's the etiquette? excellent question.
 i think she should withdraw.
 she's the breaker, he's the breakee.
 he needs to get on with his life.
 i beg to differ.
 really.
 he's the .
 she's the victor.
 to the victor belong the spoils.
 well i don't care, i don't want to go anyway.
 i don't want to fight that traffic on friday night.
 well we can take the car service from my office.
 really? yeah, they don't know.
 all right, i'll see you later.
 okay.
  hey georgie.
'to the victor goes the spoils.
 what are you going to do tonight? oh i got a date with laura the lineswoman.
 oh.
 why? well what are you doing? well i was just going to wander the streets.
 don't wanna tag along with you or anything.
 oh, uh, do you want to come with us? jerry please, that's very nice, but, uh, where would we be going? so, i've got ice cream all over my face.
 there were no napkins there.
 whoever it was that's responsible for stocking that concession stand cost me a relationship.
 they never have napkins there.
 let's get the check.
 is this uh considered signing? do you do this when you want the check?  yea.
really.
 i know a sign, that's my first sign.
 uh, oh.
 that couple is breaking up.
 they're breaking up? how do you know? she reads lips.
 what are they saying now? 'it's not you, it's me.
  s lips for me.
  what?  we bring her to the party, and she can tell me what gwen is saying about me.
  s not a novelty act, george.
 where you hire her out for weddings and bar mitzvas.
  s a skill, just like juggling.
 she probably enjoys showing it off.
  m not sure about this.
  could you ask her, just ask her.
 if she says no, case closed.
  all right.
 uh laura, george was wondering if sure.
 i'll do it.
 so i really had a good time.
 yeah, me too.
 so you want to go to the party on friday night? yeah.
 all right, we're taking a car service.
 so we'll swing by and pick you up.
 how about six? .
 what? what? okay listen up people.
 there are plenty of you here, but we've only got two spots to fill.
 good luck.
  t there a better way to spend your twilight years? i may be old, but i'm spry.
 the tryout lasts three and a half to four hours.
 are you up for it? oh i'll be up for it punk.
 see i was saying six but she thought i was saying sex'.
 we straightened the whole thing out though.
 she confused six with sex'? yeah.
 well if she can't tell six from sex then how is she going to lip read from across the room? well six and sex are close.
 it's two completely different sounds.
 ih and eh'.
 eh.
 it seems like a problem.
 well i'm not dating any other deaf women.
 hey guess who's going to be the new ball man for the finals.
 you're kidding.
 yeah.
 they said they haven't seen anybody go after balls with such gusto.
 oh, when is that car service coming? in five minutes.
 he's then going to pick us up, then we're going to pick up elaine, and laura is going to meet us there.
 if this lip reading thing works tonight do you know how incredible this is going to be? it's like having superman for your friend.
 i know.
 it's like x-ray vision.
 if we could just harness this power and use it for our own personal gain, there'd be no stopping us.
 hey, hey, hey.
 ve got some lip reader working for you.
 you gotta let me use her for one day.
 just one day.
 can't do it newman.
 but jerry, we've got this new supervisor down at the post office.
 he's working behind this glass.
 i know they're talking about me.
 they're going to transfer me, i know it.
 two hours, give me two hours.
 it's not going to happen.
  all right, all right.
 all right you go ahead.
 you go ahead and keep it secret.
 but you remember this.
 when you control the mail, you control information.
 uh just pull over right there by the stop sign.
  pardon me sir? i said pull over by the stop sign.
 i'm so sorry, you'll have to forgive me.
 i can't hear a damn thing.
 i went to that rock concert last night at the garden.
 my seats were right up agains the speaker.
 it's a heavy metal group.
 metalla-something.
 -ca.
 huh? what? ca.
 ah.
 my ears are still ringing.
 some woman's idea of a joke.
 get out.
 get out.
 go on.
 hey.
 shut the door.
 you know the whole idea of taking the car service was so i wouldn't have to fight the traffic on friday night.
 i know.
 i'm late.
 hey now i know two signs, late.
 hey this is the guy you helped become the first ball man.
 congratulations.
she doesn't know what she's talking about.
 guys you made it.
 hey hey.
 hey buddy.
hey todd.
sorry to hear about gwen.
 why? did she say something to you about why she broke up with me? oh no.
 tonight will be the first chance i've had to talk to her.
 really?look george, i'm friends with both of you.
 but i can't betray her confidence by telling you anything.
 i wouldn't hear of it, todd.
 it's none of my business.
 but you should try to find out everything you possibly can.
 in fact, i'll even stay all the way on the other side of the room just so there's no chance of me overhearing anything.
 you are so centered.
 hey, grown-up.
 s go.
 all right what are they saying? 'hi gwen, hi tide.
 hi tide? hi todd.
 'you've got something between your teeth wheret? no that's what he said.
 that's interesting.
 i love carrots, but i hate carrot soup.
 and i hate peas, but i love pea soup.
 so do i.
 she's so wild.
 can i borrow her for a few hours tomorrow afternoon? no.
 if i lend her to you i'll have to lend her to everybody.
 i don't envy you todd.
 the place is going to be a mess.
 well maybe you can stick around after everybody leaves and we can sweep together.
 'why don't you stick around and we can sleep together.
 what? 'you want me to sleep with you? i don't want to sweep alone.
 he says i don't want to sleep alone.
 she says, oh boy, love to.
 alright that's it.
 so you get rid of me and now the two of you are going to sleep together? what? you're crazy.
 'what? you're crazy.
 i heard your whole conversation.
 how? 'how?  s sleep together.
 no i didn't.
 i said sweep'.
 let's sweep together, you know with a broom.
 cleaning up.
 ' with a broom, cleaning up.
 sweep? yes sweep.
 'yes sweep.
 cut it.
 george says cut it.
 cut it.
 george is saying cut it.
 cut it.
 would you stop signing? what?she said sweep together you idiots, not sleep together.
 i know how to sign.
 ow.
 my eye, my eye.
 it's so amazing getting to see monica seles playing in the finals.
 i know and on the first tournament of her comeback.
 thus ends the great ball man experiment.
  you with the tennis center? yep.
 hey how about that ball man injuring monica seles.
 wasn't that something.
 i'm deaf.
 oh.
 i've always been a big fan of the little check move.
 you know m trying to be cool and impress people.
 hmm!fantastic!i told ya.
 how good is this?good.
how good?very good.
i know it.
they put real blue berries in this.
 and there's real blue berries.
 what kind did you get?coffee.
 and they grind up the coffee beans, and put it in.
let me test-taste that.
 huh? huh?hmm! rico!suave! and it's non-fat!ya-see, how could this not have any fat? it's too good.
 you want to taste mine? oh, you want to taste mine.
no, i don't.
lo k, if you want to taste mine, you don't have to offer me some of yours.
all right, let's just forget it.
you know, kramer's gonna clean up on this place.
what do you mean?he invested in it.
no kidding?yeah.
 we've been coming here everyday.
 this is so fuck ing good.
jerry!oh, i'm sorry.
all right, we should get going.
 but, i'm going to get a little bit more, okay?oh, god.
 look who's here.
who is it?this guy from my old neighborhood.
 lloyd braun.
 he's a big advisor to mayor dinkins.
 he thinks he's so cool.
oh, oh.
?hey, george!hey-hay! lloyd! hey! my friend jerry eh.
hi.
hi.
so, i hear you're living back home now, is it?yeah, there was a fire in my apartment.
fire! whoa! there's a lot of major chicks in this place, huh? something wrong with your arm?uh, uh, yeah.
 actually, the, uh, i-i bumped my elbow on a desk and uh injured something an now it sort of moves involuntarily.
wow, that's a bitch, huh? so, how are your parents doing?oh, pretty good.
this place does some business, huh?yeah, this is my first time here.
 hey, she's a doll.
 hi!uh, elaine, this is, uh, lloyd.
hi!oh, hi! very nice to meet you.
nice to meet you, too!well, i'm really sorry i gotta run now.
 well, take it easy, huh, george?yeah! yeah.
 aaah.
 boy, he is really cute!he's a jerk.
 he's gone, george.
all right.
 all right.
so, there were a lot of people there, huh?oh, man, that yogurt place - you're going to make a fortune.
yeah.
they're doing an incredible business.
yeah, well, i told you to go in on it.
how did you know?well, i tasted it at the one downtown.
 it's got a remarkable texture.
 you'd never know it was non-fat.
 yeah? buzz me.
hey, i had the show of my life last night.
 i ad-libbed like ten new minutes.
yeah, but did you tape it? vvvvup.
 right there.
 i got it.
 i did this thing on the ottoman empire.
 like, what was this? a whole empire based on putting your feet up?yes!i'm telling you, i got like a whole new tonight show here.
hey!hey!what's the matter?oh, i was having lunch, and i bit down on the fork.
boy, it's hard to believe - with all that biting experience - a person could still make a mistake like that.
 yowm!what?well, you're getting heavy.
 what?yeah, you look like you put on ten pounds.
kramer!i'll tell you something else, you're looking a little chunky yourself, buddy.
me?yeah.
no.
where's your bathroom scale? ve gained seven pounds.
i've gained eight.
i told ya.
oh, my god! a couple, but pounds.
 how did i gain pounds?how did i gain eight?i don't get it.
 i, i've been doing the same exercises.
 i haven't been eating anything different.
me, either.
 wait a second.
 wait a second.
 maybe it's that yogurt.
no, no, no.
 that's hundred percent non-fat.
well, how else could this have happened?well, maybe it's the oreos.
i don't eat oreos.
you don't eat oreos? ~ practically having sex with them.
what about me?you? you're getting old.
maybe your yogurt isn't so non-fat.
oh, guess again, tubby!jerry, there's got to be a way to find that out.
there must be some kind of lab that would do that kind of thing.
ah! i've got it.
what?i'll call the food and drug administration.
hey, i'll tell you what, chubs, if that yogurt has fat in it, i will put myself on an all-yogurt diet for a week.
well, let's start the insanity.
nnnn-giddy-up!tommy tune is a very good dancer.
 you ever see tommy tune dance?no.
i like tap dancing.
tap dancing.
 anyone can tap dance.
 it's all in those shoes.
are you kidding? they practice for years, those people.
what's for supper?somebody's at the door.
tommy tune is very tall.
 that helps.
 it makes him lankier.
 lloyd?hello, mrs.
 costanza.
georgie, lloyd braun is here.
hey! lloyd!what are you doing here?well, i was just in the neighborhood visiting my mother so i thought i'd drop by and say, hello'.
georgie.
 come here and say hello.
how are you doing, lloyd? i hear you're a big advisor for dinkins now.
that's right.
 hey, george.
hey, lloyd.
 i uh ran into george yesterday in the city.
ow! s the matter with you?so, uh, how's the arm, huh?oh, it's good.
what's the matter with your arm?nothing.
oh, his arm moves like this.
 your arm moves like this? yeah.
 i never seen your arm move like this.
me, either.
well, it comes and goes.
it's like some kind of aaaaa spasm.
ooh! i asked mr.
 dinkins if he knew any good orthopedists, and he said he had the best.
 so, i made an appointment for you.
 dr.
 dekter.
mayor dinkins got an appointment for him?you mentioned george's name to mayor dinkins? you discussed george with the mayor of new york?dinkins was talking about you.
 he was discussing you.
you know, lloyd, i-i've been to the doctor s really nothing they can do.
 hey, mayor dinkins set this up for you.
 you know what kind of a doctor this must be if dinkins knows him?all right.
 all right! i'll go.
well, that's great.
 ll be very interested to hear the diagnosis.
uh-huh.
 okay, well, we're coming down.
 all right.
 s in brooklyn.
 we have to drive there.
and they said they can do it?yeah, it's forty-five bucks.
all right.
 let's go down to the yogurt store, and we'll get a specimen.
hm-hmm.
well, i hope you're satisfied.
what?every word out of my son's mouth now is ing cupcake?gee, i'm really sorry.
he wants to be like you because you're a comedian.
 maybe you could talk to him?i'd be happy to.
thank you.
ah, mary, we've been eating a lot of your husband's uh yogurt at the yogurt place - does that have any fat in it?no ing way!well, it was very nice seeing you again.
oh, it was good seeing you.
oh, um, by the way, who was that gorgeous woman i saw you with the other day?oh, uh, just a friend of mine.
you must mean elaine.
 isn't she adorable?she is.
 she is.
 how about giving me her number?oh, you know, lloyd, i really don't have it.
she works at pendant publishing.
 elaine benes.
oh, great.
 thanks a lot!yeah!buh bye.
bye! t he?well, i wouldn't hear of it.
 i said, nice try, granny! and i sent her to the back of the line!hello, newman.
hello, jerry.
 say, this yogurt is really something, huh? and it's non-fat! i've been waiting for something like this my whole life! and it's finally here!hey, seinfeld.
 i'd appreciate it if you'd stop using obscenities around my son, huh?it was an accident.
 i'm going to talk to him.
i want a small, plain vanilla in a cup to go.
 that's non-fat, right?that's right.
'cause i'm on a special diet, and the doctor said i can't have any fat.
yeah, well, there is no fat.
hey, another round of strawberry for me and my friends.
hurry, jerry! hurry!how's it doing?not so good.
well, you can't have this tested now.
 it's melting.
so what.
it changes the molecules.
oh, you don't know what you're talking about.
hey, fatso! i got a in biology.
you call me fatso one more time; you're going to be walking back.
um, hi! hi.
 i called earlier about getting the yogurt tested.
oh, right.
 would you fill this out, please?uh, does it matter if it's melted?no! you know, this is going to take a couple of days.
that's okay.
hello, there.
hello!ooh! test tubes.
 cool!what do you got there?actually, this is mr.
 giuliani's blood.
 we're doing a cholesterol work up on it.
oh.
okay, i'm done.
it was really nice meeting you.
well, the pleasure's all mine.
you can't take that chemist out.
why not?because she's like the jury.
 she's going to be sequestered.
i'm not taking her out just to influence the results.
well, i think the whole thing stinks.
it smells.
 smells bad.
 smells really bad.
that's enough.
what?with the smelling.
so, he made an appointment for me to see dinkins doctor.
 he's just trying to humiliate me.
uh-huh.
and i have to go.
 if i don't go, he'll know i'm lying.
well, so, what are you going to do? sit in the doctor's office doing this? re a mental patient.
i don't care.
 look, lloyd doesn't know what he's up against.
 this is nothing to me.
 my whole life is a lie.
hey!heyhey.
so, guess who called me.
oh, don't tell me.
 lloyd?we're going out tomorrow night.
oh, look, he's going to ask you about my arm.
 so, just tell him i banged it against a desk.
 and it's been moving involuntarily ever since.
i can't say that.
why not?what if i like him? i'm going to start out lying to this guy?so, you're taking his side?no.
 but what if we get married or something? we'll always have that between us.
already you're marrying this guy?you never know.
all right, believe me, you're not going to marry him.
all right, well, then what if we become a couple, george? every time we see you you're going to be walking around going like this? t keep that up.
no, i believe he can.
hi!hi!you know jerry.
of course, he's the funny .
see!listen, matthew, i-i want to explain something to you.
 now, cursing is not something that most comedians do.
you did it.
that's true.
 but it was an accident.
 and i haven't done it since.
 and i would never do it again.
 and if you continue cursing, you'll never become a comedian like me when you grow up.
 excuse me one second.
you know, lloyd advises dinkins on everything he does.
yeah, yeah.
 big advisor.
he tells him which soap to use.
 !shh! we don't want to disturb the security guard.
where's the lights.
 whoa!how about this?yeah! bunsen burner.
 oo ya ya.
oo.
yaow.
ha hea.
you want a taste? it's cappuccino.
it's delicious.
i hear you.
non-fat?well, you tell me.
 is the verdict in yet?no.
well, this is in case there's a tie!well, as far as i know, he bumped his arm into a door and it's kind of got this in re a big advisor to dinkins, huh?yeah, yeah.
 it's coming right down to the wire.
wow! you know what i would do if i was running for mayor.
 one of my campaign themes would be that everybody should wear name tags all the time to make the city friendlier.
name tags, hmm?well, everybody would know everybody.
 it would be like a small town.
maybe i'll mention that to him.
really? wow.
you sure you don't want any yogurt?no, i'm watching my weight.
well, it's non-fat.
yeah, so they say.
well i'm done, should we go?yeah.
 okay.
three days and he hasn't called me, and you know why? because he thinks i'm too fat.
 he said that? hey! so, hear anything on the yogurt?no, but i expect to hear anytime.
well, i wouldn't get your hopes up.
why do you say that?no reason.
 oh, did you hear about that dinkins?no.
 what about him?you didn't hear?un-huh.
he's proposing a plan where everyone in the city should wear name tags.
name tags?yeah! so people can go around saying hello to one another.
oh, i see.
 so you can go, hey, you know who i saw wilding today? herb!'he's become the laughing stock! you know the times has already stated it could cost him the election.
 name tags! fat!yeow!the next morning, i woke up, and it was going like this.
 oh.
uh huh.
 yes, well, i'm going to have to be perfectly honest with you.
please, doctor.
i've examined you.
yes.
i've looked at your x-rays.
uh-huh.
and i find that there's absolutely nothing wrong with you.
hmm.
 really? nothing?nothing, that would indicate involuntary spasms.
well, it's kind of a mystery, isn't it?no, not really.
how so?may i suggest the possibility that you're faking?faking? what makes you think that i have time to see doctors, take x-rays, make appointments, when there's absolutely nothing wrong with me? what kind of a person would do a thing like that?i don't know what kind of a person would do something like that.
 obviously a very sick person.
 a very immature person.
 a person who has no regard for wasting other people's valuable time.
 good-bye.
now, see here, doctor.
i said, good-bye.
fine.
 ow!jerry, come on, look.
 let's go over to that yogurt store.
look, elaine, i've been thinking about this.
 this has got to be a massive conspiracy.
 who knows how deep it goes.
 hey, look, wait a second, kramer, turn that up.
huh, okay.
rudy giuliani, who underwent a physical last week, received some startling news today, when his cholesterol count turned out to be a whopping .
 what effect this will have on the minds of the voters remains to be seen.
 in another development, mayor dinkins has fired his top advisor, lloyd braun, who is believed to be responsible for the name tag fiasco.
 we now take you to giuliani headquarters where rudy giuliani is about to make a statement.
it's hard to understand.
 because i've been doing everything i normally do.
 i've been watching my diet very carefully.
 i exercise regularly.
 my only indulgence, i guess, would be that i eat a lot of frozen yogurt.
 but it's non-fat.
non-fat yogurt? oh, my god.
 they got giuliani and he doesn't even know it.
 ve done.
well, we've got to do something.
 s headquarters.
name tags! name tags! what kind of an idiot thinks anybody would be interested in an idea like that.
i don't think it's so bad.
 people should wear name tags.
 everyone would be a lot friendlier.
 hello, sam.
 'how are you doing, joe? hey, your arm.
 it moved again.
 i thought you said it went away.
i banged it on the desk in the doctor's office.
 an aaaa .
 .
 .
be quiet.
 they're starting the press conference.
my campaign staff has received some very disturbing information regarding the fat content in yogurt that's being sold throughout the city.
 i pledge to you now, that if i'm elected mayor, as my first order of business i'll appoint a special task force to investigate this matter.
 i promise you, my fellow new yorkers, that mayor giuliani will do everything possible to cleanse this city of this falsified non-fat yogurt.
the old yogurt was so much better.
 oh, this is terrible.
phew!oh, it stinks.
mine, too.
 i got one more day.
i can't eat this.
 re happy.
it had fat in it, it's not good for you.
i don't care.
 it was good.
 i was enjoying it.
 had to interfere.
 couldn't leave well enough alone.
 well, i will get even with you for this.
 you can count on it.
hey, you guys, listen to this.
 listen to this.
 s test tube causing his cholesterol count to be points higher than was initially reported.
 ironically, the mishap by bringing the non-fat yogurt scandal to the attention of the public, probably clinched the election for the republican.
 it was the one issue which seemed to electrify the voters and swept giuliani into office.
so, in effect, the yogurt won him the election.
i wonder what actually happened in that lab.
yeah, me, too.
i can't eat this.
 .
well george we here at sanalac like to think of ourselves as a fairly progressive company.
 we have a small but prestigious group of clients.
 well a lot of people consider me small and prestigious.
 that's funny george.
 you're very quick.
 i feel like i, like i don't have to explain every little thing to you.
 you understand everything immediately.
 i enjoy understanding.
 i want you to have this job.
 of course mr.
 zimmer is on line .
 thanks.
 i've got to take this call.
 listen, i'm really glad that you came in.
 i want you to have this job.
 of course yeah? that's it.
 what do you mean that's it? he never finished the sentence.
 he got a call, that was the end of the interview.
 'of course was the last thing he said? maybe he was going to say of course i have to check with my associates.
 'i want you to have this job, of course the board of directors is under indictment and will be serving time.
 'i want you to have this job, of course sodomy is a prerequisite.
 all right.
 why don't you go ahead and call him? because he made a big deal about how i understand everything immediately.
 that's what impressed him.
 so if you call and ask if you have the job, you might lose the job.
 and if i don't call you might have the job, but you'll never know it.
 what kind of company is it? rest stop supply.
 oh.
good for you.
yeah, yeah, yeah.
heyheyhey.
 shower? haircut.
 oh.
i'm very happy with this.
who'd you use? gino? oh course.
 i wouldn't let that other butcher cut my hair.
 what butcher? the uncle enzo.
 that's the guy jerry uses.
 well i've been going with him for years.
 i can't switch.
 i'd hurt his feelings.
 you never get good haircuts.
 you can get a good one today.
 it's enzo's day off.
 gino's there all by himself.
 really? yeah.
 you know what, you should go over there and get one to look good for my bachelor auction.
 what bachelor auction? oh it's a thing where they auction off dates with bachelors for charity.
 and you didn't ask me to do it? i could raise enough money to cure polio.
 i believe they've had a cure for polio for quite some time.
 polio? will you go ahead? you need a haircut.
 okay.
 what are you all dressed up for? i had a job interview.
 yeah.
 how'd it go? good.
 of course oh jerry.
 oh hi enzo.
 oh, you've come for the haircut.
 no, actually i was just gonna it's my day off, but i take care of you anyway because you're my favorite customer.
 you've been with me for so long.
 you're so loyal.
 well i, if it's your day off i really  m going to do something special for you.
 well i don't want to take too much off.
 hey who's your barber, eh? you tell the joke, i cut the hair.
 gino, you've outdone yourself this time.
 this is the best haircut i've ever had.
 he massacred you.
 i know.
you look like you're five years old.
 what if i shampoo? sometimes a shampoo helps.
 you've got to start seeing someone else.
 get out of this relationship.
 i can't.
 he loves me.
 he says i'm his most loyal customer.
 plus he's right there on the corner.
 i'd have to pass him every day when i go by.
 well, you gotta do it.
 i can't, i can't.
 i'd break his heart.
 no way my gino did that.
 it's an enzo.
 he was in the shop.
 i thought you told me he wasn't going to be there.
 so what? i didn't want to hurt his feelings.
 his feelings? you can't continue seeing him.
 you're destroying yourself.
 yea but i'm not going to let you.
 if you don't call him i will.
 no, no kramer.
 i don't want you to do that.
 you can't do that.
 i'm going to call gino, you're going to see him, and we're going to get that haircut fixed up.
 i don't want you to call him.
 all right, geez.
 you're crazy.
 so i still haven't heard about that job.
 yeah that's a tough one.
 what are you going to do about that? i have an idea.
 yeah? i show up.
 what do you mean you show up? i show up.
 i pretend i have the job.
 the guy's on vacation.
 if i have the job, it's fine.
 if i don't have the job, by the time he comes back, i'm ensconced.
 hmm.
 not bad.
 what's the worst thing that could happen? well, you'd be embarrassed and humiliated in front of a large group of people and have to walk out in shame with your tail between your legs.
 yeah, so? yeah, i see what you mean.
 i forgot who i was dealing with here.
 good morning.
 how can i help you? the name's george constanza.
 i'm starting work here today.
 i was wondering if you could tell me where my office is.
 i wasn't aware that, uh, mike, this is george constanza.
 he's starting here today.
 welcome aboard.
 thanks mike.
 nice to be aboard.
 i wasn't aware that mr.
 tuttle was finished interviewing.
 oh, well, he was probably just getting anxious to start his vacation.
 he wants to know where his office is.
 oh, ah, let's see, we've got two.
 there's a big one down the hall there and a small one over here.
 you know i should ask jack.
 oh leave jack alone.
 jack's got enough problems.
 i'll just take the small office.
 really? yes.
 i like to feel cozy.
 i have a very small apartment.
 i like to feel tucked in, nestled in.
 love to be nestled.
 all right, it's right down there.
 meanwhile, i'll get you the pensky file, you can start working on that.
 yes, yes of course.
 the pensky file.
 ho ho, can't wait to sink my teeth into that.
 wow that pensky.
 well we'll straighten him out.
 so what did you do there all day? they gave me the pensky file.
 so it's a nice place to work? you know i'm enjoying it very much.
 i think my coworkers are really taking to me.
  s such a sweet woman so, we had a little party, with cake and champagne.
 i made a toast.
 what about your boss? the guys you interviewed you? he'll be back on monday.
 hi.
 hi.
 how come you're wearing a hat? i got a haircut.
 oh yeah? can i see it? oh there's nothing to see.
 come on.
 let me see it.
 forget it.
 come on.
 all right.
 alright, that's very good.
 thank you.
 m so sorry.
 well i'll tell you this, you can forget about me going to that bachelor auction.
 what? no jerry, you have to go.
 you know elaine, i'd do it but i'm working that day.
  yeah, too bad.
 it the worst haircut jerry's ever had.
 you gotta fix it.
 sure, i fix.
 but you gotta make sure you no tell anybody.
 he's a little crazy.
 i don't know what he'd do if he found out i touch jerry's hair.
 yeah yeah yeah.
 ve ever seen.
 oh ah, again with the edward scissorhand.
 how can you have hand like a scissor, huh? show me one person who's got hand like a scissor.
 hey, it's a beautiful dream.
 i'd love to be this man.
 did you ever think about what you're going to do on the toilet? what are you going to do on the toilet? i'd like to have shoehorn hands.
 hey.
heyokay listen to me.
 i talked to gino, he's going to fix the haircut.
 oh great, then you can go to the bachelor auction.
 yeah, but how am i no buts.
 his apartment tonight, eight o'clock.
 can he fix it? i don't know.
 boy, you've got a beautiful head of hair.
 oh.
 thank you.
 i bet uncle enzo, he tell you that all the time.
 well actually enzo hasn't said that to me in a while.
 i don't think uncle enzo realize what a lucky barber he is.
 that's nice of you to say.
 just a second.
 yes.
  s your uncle enzo.
 it's uncle enzo.
 go in there.
 i'll clean up.
 uncle enzo, what are you doing here? i've come to apologize.
 apologize? yea.
 i rented the move edward scissorhands.
 that johnny depp, he make me cry.
 he make me cry too.
 you want something to drink? hey, what's all of this? nothing.
 it's just hair.
 you do haircut in the apartment? no.
 pizza man was here.
 maybe some fall off.
 he's going bald.
 it looks very familiar.
 in the one minute he worked on me i could tell he was really good.
 yeah.
 slow, gentle, attentive.
yeah.
i told you he could do it.
 enzo picked up one of my hairs off the floor.
 yeah, so? i think he knew.
 no.
 he doesn't know.
 who do you know? he knows my hair.
 listen you're just imagining things.
 he doesn't know a thing.
 now come on.
 pull yourself together.
 okay, okay.
 what happened? it looks the same.
 he didn't get to finish it.
 his uncle came in.
 we almost got caught.
 jerry, the auction is in a few hours.
 take the k-man.
 you can still go.
 what are you kidding? look at him.
 he's grotesque.
 you think? do i think? he's repugnant.
 what would you wear? whatever it takes.
 see, now newman is a good customer.
 once i find a barber i stick with him.
 i almost went to barber school.
 i always felt i had a talent for it.
 oh, not everybody like newman, so loyal.
 yeah, just the way that i was raised.
 i'm special.
 you know i don't mind if somebody's funny, but i no like the funny business.
 i'm going to go out for a little bit.
 i'll be right back.
 take your time.
 you happy with the haircut? it's okay.
 a little crooked.
 how'd you like to have free haircut for six months.
 what's the catch? you're going to get me a sample of jerry's hair.
 hmm, that job sounds like it might be worth a year's free haircuts.
 and a comb.
  mr.
 costanza, mr.
 pensky is here to see you.
 mr.
 pensky? of the pensky file? costanza? arthur pensky.
 mr.
 pensky.
 i was just working on your file.
 i was transferring the contents of the file into this flexible accordion-style folder.
where's tuttle? he's on vacation.
 he was on vacation the last time i dropped by.
 give me my file.
 looks like you put a lot of work into this.
 well you know in college they used to call me the little bulldog.
 hey, you are pensky material.
 would you ever consider coming to work directly for me? really? you are aware  mr.
 castanza? not now florice.
  re towing his car.
 damn this city.
 i am aware.
 i am aware.
 he knows.
 he knows about us.
 how do you know? because i know.
 he's crazy.
 all morning, he looking at the hair.
 he staring at the hair.
 who is it? it's newman.
 he was in the shop with enzo.
 he can't see me here.
 all right, go in the bedroom.
 open the window.
 you can go out the fire escape.
 what do you want?  can i use your bathroom? what's wrong with yours? my toilet's clogged.
 you can't unclog it? no.
 did you ask kramer? he's out.
 number one? yes, yes.
 may i go? cause i gotta go very badly.
 all right.
 flush twice.
  t have at least one hair in a brush.
 all right? yeah, yeah.
 all right, i'll see you later.
 what are you doing? i'm watching edward scissorhands.
 oh, can i watch a little? cuz it's my favorite movie.
 yeah all right.
 you want something to drink? no.
 no.
if you want to watch, sit down.
 you're making me nervous.
 i tell you this scissorhands is a hell of a barber.
 gotta go.
 oh gee, i dropped a nickel did you get it? oh you done good newman.
 it was a cinch.
 where are you going? io volgio vandetta.
 nine hundred.
 do i hear a thousand? ladies, he is a harvard graduate.
 a thousand.
 a thousand.
 okay, a thousand once, a thousand twice, a thousand three times, sold to the lucky lady in the third row.
 congratulations, thank you so much.
 okay next bachelor is number, um on your program.
 he's uh, he's a high school graduate.
 equivalency.
 oh, uh equivalency.
 a high school equivalency program graduate.
 t know, six foot three, pounds, he likes, uh fruit, and he just got uh, a haircut.
 oh, kramer.
 okay uh, why don't we start the bidding.
 do i hear, um, five bucks? i don't get this scissorhands.
 what, is he supposed to be like a super hero, like green lantern or somebody? what's with this guy? just asking.
 who is it?  enzo manginero.
 oh my god, he knows.
 one second.
 it was you that was in gino's apartment the other night.
 no i wasn't there.
 don't lie.
 i know it was you.
 i get a sample of your hair.
 i match them up.
 sample? newman.
 uh, i was there but i was just dropping off a book.
 don't jerry.
 so, it's true.
 yes it's true.
 i'm going to kill the both of you.
 mr.
 tuttle, you're back.
 george, i'm surprised to see you here.
 you are? i thought you would have taken the large office.
 oh.
 really.
 i guess i didn't make that clear when i hired you.
 so where's that pensky file? let's see what you've been up to all week.
ah, here it is.
 what have you been doing all week? well you missed a lovely little party that we had for grace.
 you haven't done anything with this.
 well bear in mind that i am in the smaller office.
 i'm beginning to wonder if you understand anything.
 you are aware that pensky is interested in me.
  re not pensky material.
  ll just see about that.
 ta-ta, tut-tle.
 gee george, i'm sorry i gave you the wrong impression.
 what is was going to say was, now you are aware that our board of directors has been indicted, myself included, and we're prohibited from doing business until the investigation is completed.
 so obviously, we would have no use for you.
 obviously.
 yes.
  s car is being towed.
  so when are you gonna be able to go out? not for a while.
no eight years isn't such a long streak.
 it isn't? no i haven't vomited in thirteen years.
 get out! not since june , .
 you remember the date? yes, because my previous vomit was also june th .
 that's why during the vomit, i was yelling to george: can you believe it? i'm vomiting on june th again.
 boy, you know when joel told me he hadn't thrown up in eight years, i was wondering if he was normal.
 no elaine he's normal.
 your boyfriend is a normal guy.
 he just happens to have the same name as one of the worst serial killers in the history of new-york.
 yeah hi, we just saw your boyfriend at a bus stop.
 oh, yeah? yeah.
 what's his name? joel joel what? uh rifkin.
 rifkin? joel rifkin? yeah.
 it's just a coincidence obviously.
 guess you better keep on his good side.
 very funny.
 that's very funny.
 i wouldn't sleep with my back to him if i were you.
 all right.
 well that's enough of that.
 that's enough.
 hey elaine listen.
 if you smell anything decaying in the trunk of his car  t thrown up in eigth years so just shut up about him! shut up! the whole city is talking about this monster joel rifkin, and i am dating a joel rifkin.
 but you like your joel rifkin.
 yeah.
 i just wish he has a different name.
 ask him to change it.
 you can't ask a person to change their name.
 why not? would you change yours? if someone asked me nicely.
 i'm claude seinfeld.
 hey, how many people did rifkin strangle? eighteen? yeah.
 eighteen strangles.
 you know why rifkin was a serial killer? because he was adopted.
 you know joel and i have an extra ticket to the giants game.
 i'll go.
 o.
k.
 i'll leave the ticket for you at will call.
 yeah! ooh! you think i should have asked george? hey did you hear that george got back with karen? karen? risotto.
 oh! the risotto broad.
 yeah.
 he's really got a good thing with her.
 in fact i'm doubling with them tonight.
 i tought you didn't like double dates.
 george likes them, he feels it's a good personality showcase.
 he likes a date to see him with a friend so she can get a window into his nondate personality.
 i've looked through that window and screamed at him to shut the blinds.
 he feels he's funnier, more relaxed.
 and you're taking jody the masseuse.
 hey, did you get a massage yet? no! how many times do i have to go out with her before i get a massage? jerry, she gives massages all day.
 she doesn't wanna to give them on dates.
 yeah i know she just wants to have sex.
 so what? so it's like going to idhao and eating carrots.
 i like carrots, but i'm in idhao, i want a potato.
  that is so funny.
  re listening to this? yeah.
 i heard you.
  my neck is killing me.
 right in this spot.
 very tender over here.
  so what did she say? well nothing.
 i didn't actually say that.
 you just said that you said it.
 sweetheart, i was exaggerating.
 i'm learning a lot about you tonight george.
 i've never seen you like this.
  s pulling on wires back here.
 you know it's like you never see a really attractive woman getting a traffic ticket.
 how can you say that? my sister got a ticket last week.
 are you saying she's not attractive? well i've never met your sister but obviously these are not hard-and-fast rules.
 darling, the tea is getting a little cold sweetheart.
  can we go? yeah.
 let's go.
 so soon? yeah.
 good seeing you again karen.
 yeah.
 nice meeting you karen.
 yeah.
 nice to meet you too and i'm gonna call you about that massage.
 oh yeah.
 jody let's do this agian real soon yeah.
 i strained my neck last night.
 really, how? i tried brushing my teeth by holding the brush and moving my head from side to side.
 it didn't work.
 so what's the deal with your friend george? no deal.
 why? what was all that attractive women not getting tickets nonsense? oh well, he was just showcasing his nondate pesonality.
 i don't know how you can hang out with that guy.
 yeah.
 sometimes he really makes me tense did you see the way that he was eating? yeah, he's disgusting.
 i have to tell you, i really don't like him.
 yeah, me either.
 it's just i hate that type.
 yeah, he's a bad seed.
 now you however, you, i like.
 what are you doing? what do you think i'm doing? so, what do you think? really enjoyed it.
 jody's nice.
 she's very nice.
 s discuss this later.
 you think she liked me? she seemed to like me.
 yeah i was personable.
 don't you think i was personable? you were extremely personable.
 i tought i picked up a little something.
 i'm very good at this.
 did you pick up anything? i didn't pick up anything.
 the second time i sent the noodles back, i tought she made a face i didn't see a face.
 i tought i saw a face.
 anyhow, what is the difference? no difference.
 i could care less.
 she's jerry's girlfriend.
 george, george, instead of talking about this, we could be you know he he he he ah ah ah ah so you think she likes me?  uhh! what are you doing? massaging your neck.
 oh.
 huh.
 of course.
 massaging.
 uh, boning up on football? yeah, yeah.
 you know what? there are a lot of players named deon these days.
 what a cool name, deon.
 if i were gonna change my name, i'd go with deon.
 deon benes? well as a woman, it makes no sense.
 but, i mean, let's say i was you.
 and i decided i was gonna change my name for no real reasons whatsoever-- deon rifkin.
 wow! that is so cool.
 d-deon rifkin? well maybe you're not the dion type.
 o.
k.
 then let's see, let's see, what do we got? s just initials.
 oh please please please change your name to o.
j.
! please, it would be so great! elaine! what is going on? she stayed over? yeah.
 the sex wasn't so good? no.
 the sex was fabulous.
 so? i want the massage! did you ask her? i tried putting her hands there s not into it.
 why not? i guess cause it's her job.
 it's very frustrating.
 so we had a good time the four of us.
 yeah.
 we all got along.
 everyone seemed very pleasant.
 yeah.
 what did jodi say? she had a good time.
 is that it? pretty much.
 did she say anything about, uh what? nah.
 it's all right.
 great! she had a good time.
 yeah you just hesitated.
 i was blowing on the coffee.
 she didn't like me? look it's not like you're gonna be spending a lot of time with her.
 so she doesn't like me? no.
 she said that? yes.
 she told you she doesn't like me! yes.
 what were her exact-- 'i don't like him.
 uh-huh t she like me? not everybody likes everybody! i tried to be nice.
 i wasn't nice? you were very nice! i bent over backwards for that woman! is it that thing i said about her sister? it has nothing to do with her sister.
 i don't even know her sister but believe me, if she's getting traffic tickets, she's not that good-looking! woahyou vomited in .
 oh no.
 that was the dry heaves.
 jodi.
 hey, jerry.
 ha! ha! hey! what are you doing here? i was giving kramer a massage.
 kramer! i got to run.
 i have an appointment downtown.
 here.
 let me take your tabe downstairs for you.
 no that's o.
k.
 please give it to me.
 i love to help people.
 this is what i do.
 come on.
 i'm going this way.
 i'll see you tonight.
 hey! i am looser than creamed corn! who told you to get a massage from her.
 i haven't gotten a massage from her yet! you don't know what you're missing buddy.
 no one hails a cab like me.
 my hailing technique is unmatched.
 i get the wrist going from side to side and boom! cabs are crashing into themselves to just pick me up.
 s get together again real soon and say hello to your sister for me.
 you've never met.
 whatever.
 believe me, if i wasn't involved right now, i wouldn't mind being set up.
 something tells me she's a knockout.
  so you had a good time.
 oh yeah enjoyed yourself.
 very much all right now you listen and you listen good! what! the massages are out! wha-- ahh!!! they're out! why?! because if i can't get one, you're not getting one.
 wait a minute! wait a minute! i need my massages! can't you see i'm burned out! i'm sorry, kramer.
 why? why? look, i paid for her.
 don't you ever talk about her like that! but why? that's final!!! ah!!! yahh!!! ladies and gentlemen, welcome to giants stadium.
oh, you have photos in your wallet? yeah.
 why? is that weird? no, it's normal.
 you're very normal.
 you're totally normal.
 who's this? that's my mother.
 oh yeah.
 i see the resemblance.
 no, there's no resemblance.
 yeah, there is, right here you see-- elaine, i was adopted.
  s nice.
 oh, the game's about to start.
 i wonder where your friend kramer is.
  uh, yeah, a ticket for kramer.
 here it is.
 i need some i.
d.
 oh, yeah.
 you know, i forgot my wallet.
 well, i can't give it to you then.
 are you kidding me? i'm afraid not.
 come on, just look at me.
 tell me i'm not kramer.
 i'm sorry.
 i need proof.
 look, i'll drive out here tomorrow and i'll show the i.
d.
 i got nothing to do all day.
 neither do i.
 but without i.
d.
, i need confirmation from the person who left the ticket.
 where's a phone? ladies and gentlemen, may i have your attention, please? would joel rifkin report to the stadium office.
 joel rifkin telephone.
 who would be calling me here?  s not the murderer.
 oh, god.
 what's the matter with you? jerry, i need another massage! you just had one yesterday.
 what do you need another one for? because of the giant game! i told you, it went overtime! you know what those seats are like.
 they're very unforgiving.
 oh please.
 and then the game-winning field goal went over the net and into the crowd and i dove over three rows! my back, it's killing me! s killing me jerry! well, did you get the ball? oh i got the ball.
 well, i never even caught a foul ball at a baseball game.
 well, it's quite a thrill.
 why don't you get somebody else? because nobody does it like she does.
 she's the best.
 well, that's it! tonight's the night.
 i'm getting one.
 no if and's or but's'.
 what about my massage?  ask newman.
 so i lugged that table.
 that big heavy massage table all the way down to the cab! you ever seen one of those things? of course.
 no, i don't know.
 maybe you haven't.
 you know, not everybody's seen a massage table.
 what, do you think i've never had a massage before? anyway, i don't even get a thank you.
 i don't get it! george, frankly, i'm getting a little tired of hearing about her.
 i wanna know what i did to this woman.
 what, you got a little thing for her? no, no! she's going out with a friend of mine.
 it's only courteous that we should try and like each other.
 what difference does it make? who cares if she doesn't like you? does everybody in the world have to like you? yes! yes! everybody has to like me.
 i must be liked! of course i support your decision to change your name.
 after the giant game i realized that this--this problem isn't going away.
 well, listen, i just want you to know that i was more than willing to stick it out with joel rifkin.
 sure?  rrr o.
k.
 you got your list? yeah.
 yeah.
 names.
 right.
 o.
k.
 and if somebody objects, you can just veto it.
 o.
k.
 o.
k.
 you start.
 what's your first choice? stuart.
  no.
 second choice.
 stu--stuart's no good? i have never met a normal guy named stuart.
 o-o.
k.
 my second choice is todd.
  no.
 veto.
 all right.
 oh, hey, i think you're gonna like my first my third choice.
 great alex.
 i gotta tell ya, i have a bad association with the name alex.
 bad bad association? yeah, in college i sat next to an alex in art history.
 and he was always drinking coffee and after every sip he would go: ahh'.
 i mean every two seconds: ahh'.
 and he would take like sips and after everyone: ahh'.
 i had to drop the class.
 hey.
 hi.
 hi.
 t have a chance to drop off my stuff before i came over.
 ah, no problem.
 that's fine.
 what's with this music? that's new age music.
 sounds of the forest.
 i find it soothing.
 hey, look at this! what do you know? a massage table! this is great! what are you doing? just checking it out.
 look at how this thing is made.
 can i tell you something? that's a hell of a piece of equipment.
 actually, i should get a new one.
 no, nonsense.
 this one's fine.
 so, where do you wanna go? go? why go anywhere? s very nice.
  t do this.
 why, what's wrong? i can't no.
 yes you can.
 no, i can't! come on! i know it's something you wanna do! you know what? i should really go talk to her.
 nothing confrontational.
 just two adults sitting down trying to clear the air.
 you know, i just know if i could spend some time alone with her.
 i've got to.
 ve got to.
 you're going now? i think i can still catch her.
 all right george.
 i have had just about enough of this.
 what? what are you talking about.
 i am talking about you and jodi.
 you're completely obsessed with her! i know.
 i know.
 who is more important to you, her or me? i like you, she doesn't.
 who are you gonna pick?  well, now i hate you! that i'm used to.
 ned? what is wrong with ned? ned's a guy who buys irregular underwear.
 next! ellis.
 ellis?! you might as well go with alex.
 it's the same thing! ellis and alex aren't even close.
 next! ohh, what is the point? no, no.
 come on! o.
k.
 o.
k.
 remy.
 remy rifkin? should i get a beret? oh, stuart's a lot better! little stuart rifkin likes to go shopping with his mother.
 grrrr! what do you mean, no? no means no.
 look, who are you kidding? you come up to my apartment with your table and your little oils, and i'm not supposed to expect anything? you're a massage teaser.
 listen.
 i massage who i want, when i want.
 i don't submit to forcible massage.
 m getting out of here.
 fine.
 go.
 jerry, could you excuse us for a few minutes, please? what for? we need to talk.
 you need to talk? we have nothing to talk about.
 look it's no secret what's going on between us.
 t mind.
 george, anything you have to say to her, you can say in front of me.
  m starting to like her.
 what? she just dislikes me so much it's irresistable.
 i can see that.
 i'm getting out of here.
 t call me.
 don't worry.
 a woman that hates me this much comes along once in a lifetime.
 you're a lucky guy.
 i got to go after her.
 george.
 i wouldn't push for the massage.
 jodi! the swedish are very big massagers.
 you know? they like the swedish meatballs, swedish massage.
 they like having meat in their hands these people, for some reason.
 but it's weird because they have the highest suicide rate, they're rubbing each other's necks all the time for a neutral country they seem kinda tense.
 i don't really like the idea of getting a professional massage.
 i don't want people touching me that don't know me and don't want to have sex with me.
 you know what are you bothering me for? you get me all loosened up, juices flowing, and then that's it ok, you're done.
 it's like having chocolate rubbed all over your face, you know you wanna go excuse me, i think you missed a spot.
 how would you describe the smell in this house?  dandruff? yeah, that's part of it.
 kasha? there's some kasha.
 yeah.
 dandruff, kasha, mothballs, cheap carpeting.
 it's pot pourri, really.
 alright, let's go, come on.
 wha you're going? yeah.
 you know we shouldn't have bowled that last game, i'm gonna be late.
 egh.
 these aren't candies.
 wha? did you use those? these are guest soaps! well i'm a guest.
 now my parents are gonna know i had people over.
 you're not allowed to have people over? i can't have any parties while they're out of town.
 what, this is a party? not any more.
 come on, get your ball, we're leaving.
 let's go, let's go.
  wow! who put this cup right on the new table!  i was having coffee, i put it on the coffee table.
 but you didn't use a coaster, jerry, you left a stain! whoah boy.
 there's always one at every party, huh?  come on! what's the big rush? i'm having people over.
 who? the girls for poker night.
 you know, joanne, renee, winona eh, eh, ah.
 winona's gonna be there? yeah.
 and she broke up with the vitamin guy.
  really? i'll put in a good word for you.
 thanks, because i would really like  aaahh!! alright, i'm sorry.
 i'm sorry.
 but jerry, this is not coming out! just put a coffee table book over it.
 my parents don't read! they're gonna wonder what a book is doing on the table! hey, hey, hey, hey.
 you know what would make a great coffee table book? a coffee table book about coffee tables! get it? got it! c'mon, let's go, let's go.
 bye george.
 wait, wait wait, not so fast.
 jerry, you gotta take me to get this thing refinished.
 now?! yes, now.
 it's gonna take a few days and my parents are gonna be back.
 i gotta have it back before them! jerry, you promised you'd get me home by seven.
 alright, we'll take the subway.
 there you go.
 that'll get you home in time.
 oh! the subway? from queens? alright, jerry, i'm gonna get my coat.
 i'm sorry elaine, i'll make it up to you.
 i need something to read on the subway.
  here, read this.
  tv guide? like a history of coffee tables, celebrities and their coffee tables.
 it's a natural.
 this is a story that must be told.
  hmm-mmm.
 so, you're gonna talk to your boss about it, huh?  hmm-mmm.
 first thing in the morning.
  yes indeed.
 next stop, queensboro plaza.
 oh, queensboro plaza.
 this stop is famous for its gyros, you want one? how are you gonna get something and get back on the train in time? well, they got a stand right out on the platform.
 gyros are cooked, and wrapped, and ready to go.
 three dollars, no change.
 you want one?  no thanks.
 alright, but no bites.
 highlighter? excuse me? to highlight the programmes you plan to watch.
 ah.
 uh, look really m just trying to read.
 fine, okay.
 it's just, i've never seen a beautiful lady reading the guide so far away from a tv.
 you must really like television.
  elaine! guess your boyfriend'll have to catch the next train.
 he's not my boyfriend.
 he's not? interesting.
 hey, maybe i should get elaine something.
 why? ah, you know, i didn't drive her home.
 plus, i give her a gift in front of winona, how does that hurt me? can't hurt you.
 what about, what about this thing? the indian? yeah.
 you know, kind of a peace offering.
 cute.
 well, i can have the table ready for you on monday.
 alright, but no later, because my parents are coming back.
 they left you home alone, huh? oh, kay, see.
 on this particular tuesday s lucy.
 oh, bye-bye.
  you forgot this! they don't make these any more.
 the work is, is all done by hand.
 re forty-five minutes late! yeah, yeah.
 is that your car out there? no, it's, it's his.
 oh, nice.
 you guys are obviously from manhattan.
 well, he is.
 i, uh, i live around the corner.
 really? ah, i didn't think any cool guys lived in this neighborhood.
  s changing.
 alright, i'll take it.
 smart choice.
 wow, you bought the indian? oh, you guys have great taste.
 well, we're collectors.
 we, uh, see objects of great beauty and, uh, we must have them.
 knocked you out jack.
 pair of deuces  oh/aah.
 ha, ha, ha ha! who is it? it's jerry.
 jerry! surprise! what is this? well, i felt bad about this afternoon, so i got you something.
 oh, you did? oh, do you guys all know jerry? hi jerry/hello.
 hi.
 hi winona.
 nice to see you again.
 elaine, is it your birthday? no.
 i don't need a reason to give gifts, it's my nature.
 i love to make people happy.
 aww/that's so sweet.
 are you ready? yeah.
  ta-da! it's a cigar store indian.
 read the card.
  s very nice.
 thank you very much.
 read it out loud.
 i, i don't think so.
  s bury the hatchet.
 we smoke um peace pipe.
  s late.
 i really should go.
 i, uh, i don't blame you winona.
 i, uh hey-yah, ho-ah, hey-yah, ho-ah.
 are you out of your mind?!  ho-ah.
 it's, it's, it's kitschy.
 winona is a native american.
 she is? you got very unusual taste.
  s the only thing i had that was chilled.
 fine.
 i'm sorry about that lock on the liquor cabinet.
 the combination musta just flown outta my head.
 it's a mental block.
  ahh! is this your son in the bubble bath?  s me.
 oh.
 you don't see many guys your age who keep baby pictures of themselves around.
 i like it.
 consistent with the rest of the house.
 yes, it is consistent.
 i've, uh, i've tried to maintain a consistent feel throughout the house.
 what is this we're listening to? the ray conniff singers.
 mmmm, what's that smell? kasha? it's a pot pourri.
 may i, uh, may i show you the master bedroom? who is it? uh, winona, it's jerry seinfeld.
  yeah? uhm, listen, i really felt bad about what happened, and i, i, i'd really like to apologise.
 can i come up? i'll come down.
 i came by to get my ball.
 it's right over there.
 oh, yeah, thanks.
 yo! where did this come from? you want it?  i can have this?! yuh! you wanna lug it uptown, it's yours.
 oh.
 i'll lug.
 it's just that it's a very sensitive issue for me.
 and well it should be.
 i think if you spent any time with me at all, you'd see i'm very sensitive to these matters as well.
 you wouldn't be hungry by any chance, wouldya?  i guess i could go for a bite.
 you like chinese food, cos i once went to a great szechwan restaurant in this neighbourhood.
 i don't remember the exact address uh, excuse me, you must know where the chinese restaurant is around here.
 why must i know? because i'm chinese? you think i know where all the chinese restaurants are? oh, ask honorable chinaman for location of restaurant.
 i asked because you were the mailman, you would know the neighbourhood.
 oh, hello american joe.
 which way to hamburger, hotdog stand? i didn't know that you know, it's late.
 i should probably just go home.
 i, i had no idea.
  looks pretty good.
 yeah, did a good job.
 yeah.
 i don't think they'll be able to tell.
 you know, i don't get it.
 not allowed to ask a chinese person where the chinese restaurant is! i mean, aren't we all getting a little too sensitive? i mean, someone asks me which way is israel, i don't fly off the handle.
 so, anyway, what's uh, what's the status with, uh ah, she kinda calmed down.
 i talked to her today.
 in fact i'm gonna see her tonight.
 oh, great.
 yeah, but i'm a little uncomfortable.
 i'm afraid of making another mistake.
 aw c'mon.
 hello, hello!  re home.
 hi.
 oh, the house looks very nice.
 yeah, huh.
 where's the mail? hello jerry.
 hello.
 so, how was the trip? ah, your father is there anything wrong with getting a receipt at a toll booth? i'm going upstairs.
  s the tv guide? what tv guide? i'm missing tv guide volume forty-one, number thirty-one.
 uh, elaine took it to read on the subway.
 elaine took it? i didn't know she took it! wa, it's two weeks old.
  how could you let her take the tv guide?!  he collects them.
 you collect tv guide? the nerve of that woman.
 walking into my house, stealing my collectible!  this was in our bed.
  a prophylactic wrapper?! what is this doing on my bed?! i don't know, uh i'll see you later.
 you were having sex on our bed?! yes! who told you, you could have sex in our bed?  well, my bed is too small.
 your bed is too small? i'm gone two weeks and you turn our house into, into bourbon street! where am i going to sleep? what are you talking about? i can't sleep in there! of course you can.
 i can't! t! that's it! you're grounded!  m a grown man.
 you wanna live here? you respect the rules of our house.
 re grounded! so, where are we gonna go eat? i thought we'd eat at the gentle harvest.
 ooh, i love that place, but it's usually so crowded.
 can we get a table? ah, don't worry.
 i made reser you made what? i uh, i uh, i arranged for the appropriate accommodations.
 and then, knick tickets, floor seats.
 how did you get these? got em on the street, from a scal from who?a uh, one of those guys.
 what guys? you know, the guys, that uh, they sell the tickets for the sold-out events.
 oh.
 wait a second, you got the mark mcewan tv guide.
 that's al roker.
 oh well, they're both chubby weathermen.
 i get dom deluise and paul prudhoe mixed up too.
 could i have this? sure, take it.
 thanks.
 so, winona had the tv guide.
 told you i'd make it up to you.
 aah, so mr costanza was pretty mad, huh? yeah.
 you almost ruined his life's work.
 he collects these? yeah.
 wow! alright, well i will personally go out to queens and deliver his al roker tv guide to him.
 what'ya do with the one you took? i dunno.
 hi.
 yeah uh, elaine uh, what'd he say? what did who say? your boss.
 didn't you tell him about the coffee table book? uhmm yeah, you didn't tell him didya? kramer, it is such a dumb idea.
 i would be totally embarrassed to bring it  m i would be embarrassed to bring it up.
 i thought it was a pretty good idea.
 it's about coffee tables, it's on a coffee table.
 yeah, right, right, and on the cover is a built-in coaster.
 m gonna go.
 where you going? well, i'm gonna go to the cigar stores.
 i'm gonna see if i can sell that indian.
 my indian? you know, i think it's worth something.
 it's kitschy.
 how do you just walk into a house and take a tv guide? how does she expect you to watch tv? am i just supposed to turn it on and wander aimlessly around the dial? hello.
 is elaine home? elaine benes? oh, she's my son's friend.
  s not welcome in this house!  s a bouquet of paper from her tv guide.
  s my tv guide! ripped to shreds! she gave that to you?!  re watching? yeah.
 oh, this is a good one.
 next stop, queensboro plaza.
 mmm, gyro.
 i like your place.
 it's very unassuming.
 well, why would i assume.
 i never assume.
 leads to assumptions.
  oh, by the way.
 that tv guide i gave you, i need it back.
 why? well, i'm doing a report on minorities in the media, and i wanted to use that interview with al roker.
 well, it's too late.
 i gave it to elaine, and she's already on her way to give it to george's father.
 jerry, i really need it back.
 it, it is mine.
 you can't give something and then take it back.
 i mean, what are you what? a uh, a person that uh a person that what? well, a person that gives something and then they're dissatisfied and they wish they had, had never uh and?  give, given it to the person that they originally gave it to.
 you mean like, an indian giver?! i'm sorry, i'm not familiar with that term.
 i like the special fall preview issues the best.
 those.
 i've been saving those from the beginning.
 these are worth like, a lot of money.
 oh, hello elaine! hello.
  elaine! hello! you look scrumptious.
 why'd you take my tv guide?  i made this for you.
  oh, thank you.
  d you do? hey, you can't talk to her like that.
  ll talk to her any way i want! come on elaine, let's go.
 my coffee table! i don't understand.
 how can you have a cigar store, without an indian? it's unseemly.
 i'll give you a box of coronas for it.
 forget it.
 uh, excuse me.
 are you uh, selling this indian? oh yeah, yeah.
 uh, i'm just uh, redecorating my office in a south-western motif and this'd be perfect.
 give you five hundred dollars for it? giddyup.
 yeah? could you help me bring it up to my office, i'm right next door.
 pendant publishing.
 pendant publishing? giddyup again.
 mr lippman.
 i'm sorry, i was in queens uh kramer! yeah, hi elaine.
 what are you doing in here with that? ah, well, it's a business transaction.
  go ahead, count it.
 yeah, i'm sure it's all here.
 you know i was just admiring your coffee table, out there in the hall.
 you like that, huh? i had that custom made for me in santa fe.
 you mind if i use it in my book? what book? well, i'm doing a coffee table book on coffee tables.
 about coffee tables? uh huh.
 that's fantastic.
 s your publisher? well, i'm still shopping it around.
 yeah? you see, this is the kind of idea you should be coming in with.
 what the hell do you do round here all day anyway? well i manuscript that i  t you think? i know this coffee table, it's george costanza's.
 it's mine.
 i'm his mother.
 oh, i haven't seen george for a while.
 he must be working very hard.
 george doesn't work.
 he's a bum.
 that's why he lives at home with us.
 he does? i don't know why we didn't think of this before.
 we just could call tv guide.
 i dunno.
 well, it's gonna make mr costanza very happy.
 i guess.
 what's the matter? what d'you think is the matter? i've been assigned to work on kramer's coffee table book.
 it is a good idea, elaine.
 next stop, queensboro plaza.
 you want a gyro? i don't think so.
 elaine! guess your boyfriend's gonna have to catch the next train.
 he's not my boyfriend.
 he's not? interesting.
 i was always excited as a kid, when that new tv guide would come.
 somehow when that front cover's nice and flat, seems like there's good fresh tv shows in.
 then, as the weeks go by you start to hate the tv guide.
 all the shows stink.
 everything's getting all crumpled and ripped from being sat on, thrown across the room.
 tv guide is always thrown, never handed, to another person.
 it's the world's most thrown reading material.
 where's tv guide? t do the tv guide crossword puzzle, where are you coming across ninety-five cents? can i say one word to you? lobster.
 the lobster here is unbelievable.
 ooh, a little expensive.
 twenty five dollars.
 yes, well, you know, i'm not thinking about the price.
 you know you're the only woman i've never thought about the price.
 get the lobster.
 i beg you to get the lobster.
 go for the lobster.
 george, george, uh, i think we have to talk.
 i think we have a problem.
 we do? we can't keep seeing each other.
 why?   ll have the lobster.
 um, you know i'm starting to think that maybe lobster isn't the way to go.
 then he asked you out? we started to talk, and i told him that i jog, and then he put his hand on my heart.
 on your heart? jerry, the man is a doctor.
 doctor? he's a podiatrist.
 so, it's the same thing.
 anyone can get into podiatry school.
 george got into podiatry school.
 really? hello.
 oh hi.
 are you going to be stopping by later? yes, i'll be stopping.
 ok, see you later.
see you later.
 it's over.
 what? how did you get in? kramer.
 what's that? lobster.
 looks like a swan.
 she says we can't go out anymore.
 why? because i'm not latvian orthodox.
 her parents won't let her get involved with anyone who isn't latvian orthodox.
 latvian orthodox? mmm, it is lobster.
 she's limiting herself to latvian orthodox? too bad.
 i know.
 this was the only woman i never lied to.
 well that's not entirely true.
 oh, whatever.
mmm, this is delicious.
 mmm, succulent.
 she knew i didn't have a job, she knew i lived at home.
 didn't seem to bother her.
 i think i could have married this woman.
 why don't you just ask her parents? i can't.
 i met them.
 they're devout.
 you know, in the cab on the way over here, i actually thought about converting.
 to latvian orthodox? why not? what do i care? you know it's not like changing toothpaste.
 i think it would be romantic.
 really? yeah, it's like edward the eighth abdicating the throne and marrying mrs.
 simpson.
 ooh.
 king edward.
 king edward, jerry.
 yeah well king edward didn't live in queens with frank and estelle costanza.
 you know what? i could probably do this.
 what's the difference.
 george i was just kidding around.
 no.
 i wouldn't even have to tell her.
 i could surprise her.
 george i wasn't serious.
 how hard could it be? you make a little contribution, you have a ceremony.
 i am going to think about this.
 i am really going to think about this.
 i guess this one is my fault.
 oh yeah.
  oh that was nice.
 have you always been such a good kisser? oh i don't know.
 not always.
 no i uh i had to work at it.
 when i was a kid all the kids would be out playing, i would be up in my room practicing my kissing.
 well it was worth it.
 .
 where are you going? to wash my hands.
 they're sticky from the orange.
 meet you back here? right there.
  .
 fungus? fungicide.
 i mean what could she have? i don't know.
 fungus.
 exactlyso what did you say? i said i was coming down with the flu or something and i had to go home.
 i don't know, what were you doing opening her medicine cabinet? i didn't open it.
 it was open.
 i just nudged it a little.
 you were snooping.
 i was not snooping.
 i did not break the seal.
 there was no breaking and entering.
 i wouldn't do that.
 i would.
 i always open medicine cabinets.
 well i trust people not to do that.
 big mistake.
 why don't you ask that doctor what it is? what? now he's a doctor? before he was a podiatrist.
 but that's what podiatrists do.
 they deal in fungus.
 they're knee- deep in fungus.
 this guy knows fungus.
 i am not going to ask him about funguses.
 fungi.
 what? fungi.
 why do you want to accept the latvian orthodox faith?  enigmatic? no.
 vast? no not vast well whatever it is, basically you like the religion.
 yes.
  i think the hats.
 the hat conveys that solemn religious look you want in a faith.
 very pious.
 are you familiar with orthodox theology? well perhaps, not to the extent that you are.
 but i know the basic plot.
 yeah.
 plot? yes.
 you know the uh flood, and the uh lepers, and the commandments and all that.
 oh yes i am father.
 incredibly sincere.
 so, uh, pffft, am i in? the first step would be to familiarize yourself with these texts .
 ah hah.
 you see father, i'm i'm incredibly anxious to become a member.
 um, don't you offer any kind of an express conversion? a quick change? oh i'm sorry.
 father, there's a man waiting in the chapel.
 you may attend to it sister, oh this is george costanza.
 he is interested in joining the church.
 oh are you? that's wonderful.
 well good luck to you.
 nice nun.
 no, sister roberta is not a nun.
 she is what we call a novice.
 may i help you? oh yeah, i'm here to pick up my friend george costanza.
 well he's in with the father.
 oh yeah.
 i'm sister roberta.
 oh.
 kramer.
 pleasure.
 mine.
 i can't believe how easy it is.
 i'm virtually orthodox.
 all i have to do is read a few books, memorize a few prayers, and i'm in the club.
 that's all there is to it.
 that's all there is to it.
 by christmas day i will be brother costanza.
 and when is brother costanza planning on telling mother costanza? brother costanza will be taking the vow of silence.
 oh a slinky.
sister roberta gave it to me.
 why did she give you that? i think she liked me.
 what do you mean she liked you? liked me.
 kramer, they like everybody.
 they're friendly people.
 no.
 i think i picked up on a vibe.
 you picked up on a vibe, from a nun.
 yeah, jerry i'm telling you i have this power.
 and i have no control over it.
 yea alright.
 oh, that's my phone.
oh hi.
 hi, i just wanted to stop by and see how you were feeling.
  if you need anything let me know.
 okay.
okay.
all right.
bye.
bye.
story.
 she's subletting carol's place for a month.
 yea, she likes you.
 yeah but there's a problem.
 i found a tube of a fungicide in her medicine cabinet.
 so? so i don't know what she's using it for.
 well how do you even know it's hers? maybe it belonged to carol.
 did you see a name on the tube? i didn't even think to look.
 well take a look.
 it might not even belong to her.
 yeah.
 people always leave old things in their medicine cabinet.
 yeah i've got this old bottle of cough medicine.
 i still have brill cream.
 hihi.
 hi.
 can i use your bathroom? you sure you don't mind? no of course not.
 people ask me medical questions all the time.
 well i mean the question isn't even for me it's for a friend.
 elaine, i'm used to it.
 i'm a doctor.
 well podiatrist.
 huh? no no, i'm just saying you didn't really go to medical school, you went to podiatry school.
 which i'm sure is very grueling in it's own way.
 i went to podiatry school because i like feet.
 i chose to work with feet.
 i like feet too.
 i'm just saying saying what? how are you doing in there? fine all done, just looking for the soap.
 no soap? no i don't see it.
  here you go.
 george what are you doing in there? what? nothing.
 you've been in there an hour.
 you don't feel well? i'm fine.
 i want to know what you're doing in there.
 nothing.
 george, open the door.
 no.
 georgie.
 no! hey.
 good evening.
 i hope i'm not disturbing you, but i found another toy i thought you might like.
 okay, latvius was the son of which apostle? and i'll need that in the form of a question.
 i don't know.
 i can't believe they're making me take this test.
 hey, did you talk to the doctor? no.
 all right, the next time you see him show him this.
 you took her medicine.
 not on purpose.
 i was hoping there would be a name on the tube.
 when are you seeing him again? i don't know.
 we got into this whole thing about how podiatrists aren't real doctors.
 how could you say that? it's you fault.
 you just got me thinking.
 i was merely speaking extemporaneously.
 i've got nothing against the foot.
 i'm pro-foot.
 me too.
 do you think i should call him and apologize? yes.
 he's a doctor.
 what are you doing? what does it look like i'm doing?  re cheating on your conversion chest? i told you.
 what? i told you she liked me.
 who? sister roberta.
 how do you know? she told me.
 she said she's never had a man stir up all of these feelings inside of her.
 she's questioning her faith.
 she's thinking of leaving the church.
 wowoh, uh, this power.
 i'm dangerous jerry, i'm very very dangerous.
 i must say george, i was somewhat surprised at the results of your conversion test.
 i don't recall having seen such an impressive performance.
 you truly must be filled with the spirit of the lord.
 oh, i'm i'm full of it father.
 yes, yes i see.
 m sorry something has come up.
 oh, i understand.
 hey.
 um, you wanted to see me father? yes.
 please, sit down.
 sister roberta came to see me yesterday.
 i know what this is about father.
 i didn't do anything.
 i just spoke to her innocently for just a few minutes.
 it's just that, that i have this power.
 yes.
 kavorka.
 kavorka? it is a latvian word which means the lure of the animal'.
 i don't understand.
 women are drawn to you.
 they would give anything to be possessed by you.
 help me father.
 help me.
 yes, yes i will help you.
 listen very carefully.
 i want you to buy ten cloves of garlic, three quarts of vinegar, six ounces what is that stench? i got it.
 ah hah.
 hey.
 hey.
 what are you doing? i've got the kavorka jerry.
 the kavorka? what's that? the lure of the animal.
 i'm dangerous.
 what is this thing around your neck? the priests they're helping me.
 i just bathed in vinegar.
 you know you're funcifying the whole building.
 keep away jerry.
 keep away.
 kramer.
 kramer.
 george costanza? estelle's son? latvian orthodox? why are you doing this? for a woman.
 a woman? what are you out of your mind? why can't you do anything like a normal person? wait.
 is this the group that goes around mutilating squirrels? no it's a regular religion.
 i'm calling my lawyer.
 it might not be too late to get out of this.
 i don't want to get out of it.
 bu george, you don't know what you're saying.
 you're under their control.
 what, they brainwashed you? no no.
 you're not performing any rituals in this house.
 go back to the psychiatrist.
 i beg you.
 and stay away from those squirrels.
 oh how you doing jerry? good.
 what's the matter? i'm tired.
 i hardly slept last night with all this scratching.
 bonkers was going crazy.
 bonkers? my cat.
 he's got this weird sort of skin condition.
 some type of fungus, i couldn't find his medicine.
 oh it's your cat! what? ooh, nothing.
 are you ready my son? yes faddah.
 what did you say? what? i thought you said faddah.
 i said faddah, i meant father.
 just a little bit nervous.
 ooh, of course.
how you doing? get away from me you creep.
 yes, yes.
 it worked.
 sister roberta i've still got time to catch her.
 congratulations george.
 welcome to the faith.
 sister roberta would you please offer the final benediction.
  s a beautiful religion, but i am not worthy of it.
 i found something else.
 him.
 kavorka, kavorka.
  m a big fan of the foot.
 well it's my fault.
 i got a little defensive.
 and that pinkie toe, come on .
 how adorable is the pinkie toe.
 it's my favorite toe.
 let's face it, you get a bunion, where are you going? you're not going to the ear guy.
 no you're not.
 i'll be right back.
 oh uh, where's the bathroom? it's right down here to the left.
 i will uh meet you right back here.
 elaine it's her cat.
 her cat had the fungus.
 so i need the tube back.
  ? fungus? something's wrong.
 i don't feel the same lure.
 you don't? what have i ? i must return to the church.
 by the way you really need to take a bath.
 you stink.
 yeah yeah.
 but once you put medicine in your medicine cabinet you're never using it again.
 any medicine you're using, is on the sink.
 it's not really even a medicine cabinet, it's really like an ointment museum isn't it? it's like here's a saff from , some cream from the s.
 but you want to keep it private, because a medicine cabinet is a place that reveals our weaknesses and it can really throw off the balance between two people that might be going out.
 somebody peeks in there, oh i see mr.
 perfect needs tough actin tinactin.
 well i guess i'll be calling the shots in this relationship from now on.
'for me? well i didn't do it for my mother.
 i'm really flattered.
 but i just don't feel ready to make a commitment yet.
 maybe when i get back from latvia.
 latvia? yes.
 i'm going to stay with some relatives there for a year.
 isn't it great? enjoy, enjoy.
 oh george, you are so sweet.
 don't ever change.
 i'd like a doggie bag for this please.
 the whale is supposed to be such an intelligent animal.
 you know you always here about how they can communicate by song from miles away.
 how extensive their vocabulary is.
 i would say from the rate we are pushing the whales off the beach back into the ocean the words shore and close do not appear to be in their vocabulary.
 i would say if the whales concentrate a little less on the singing and a little more on approaching quervo beach volleyball tournament.
 if you wanna maintain the brainy mammal image.
oh, i can't believe this.
 what a dope! uh excuse me umm i'm sorry this is this is kind of embarrassing but there's no toilet paper over here  are you talking to me? yeah i i just forgot to check so if you could just spare me some.
no i'm sorry what? no i'm sorry, i can't spare it you can't spare it?? no there's not enough to spare well i don't need much, just squares will do it i'm sorry i don't have a square to spare, now if you don't mind  squares? you can't spare squares?? no i don't have a square to spare, i can't spare a square oh is it two-ply? cause it it's two-ply i'll take one ply, one ply, one puny little ply, i'll take one measly ply look, i don't have a square and i don't have a ply no no, no no, don't don't, i beg you  s more consistent you would not believe what just happened to me in the bathroom what? hey hey.
 hey? where is my popcorn babe? what? my popcorn, you were supposed to get me popcorn what? would you forget about me babe? you would not believe what just happened to me in the bathroom i mean a person needs a certain amount of toilet paper to be covered i simply could not spare it this woman just didn't get it, she kept harassing me  squares!! that's all i was asking for! squares! she wouldn't stop help me! help me! she was insane i was begging her please! please! she was insane who do you think she is? how dare she? you want me to get the manager? too bad they don't have those old ladies walking around with flashlights anymore we'd flush her out i don't know what she looks like i wonder where elaine is sitting? i really wanted you to meet her she's supposed to be here tonight with her new boyfriend tony hmm where is jerry sitting? he's supposed to be here tonight with his new girlfriend i'm dying to see what she looks like hey? you think if i jumped off that balcony i'd get hurt? hey hey hey guy, can i use your phone in your bedroom? what's the matter with yours? huh my batteries are dead it's not one of those calls, is it? look come on, let me use it, minutes, i'll pay you back huh? why do you do that? oh i am never going back to the movies again hey where were you last night? i looked for you, i didn't see you i looked for you too, i was all the way over on the side oh with huh pretty boy tony yeah hey hey yeah, all right ok tony, hey hey that's nice.
 listen, listen to this i am in the bathroom, right before the movie starts huh huh i'm in the stall and there's no toilet paper no what? toilet paper oh whoa so i ask this woman in the stall next to me for some and she refuses! ha ha well maybe she couldn't spare it a square? well, you know, sometimes a square is everything a ply? elaine, you cannot judge a person on a situation like that.
 i mean it's like asking for someone's canteen in the desert yeah it's battle conditions yeah, well i just hope i run into her again ok, cause i will never forget that flinty voice, it is tattooed in my brain if i hear it, watch out so listen what happened with jane last night? oh jane she uh she uh the four of us are going out saturday right? that should be fun yeah that should be real fun you know what, it's getting late, can i call tony? yeah then we'll get a cab and we'll do it in the back seat how's that andre? andre?  what about the driver? we could get an accident oh that wouldn't be very good  hey andre, get the hell off the phone! what, what is going on? what who is andre? kramer's andre, he's fooling around with these numbers t want you doing that on my phone jerry, i'm telling you, this phone sex thing is hilarious, like this woman erika, here look .
 you gotta call her, the voice she uses hey you know it's weird because that voice sounded a little familiar to me hey, you're hungry? monk's? no i gotta go downtown oh wait, you're giving me a lift home right? yeah so listen, what happened last night with jane? oh uh nothing, she just choked on a jujube you know i hate to tell you this, but it's time to defrost that freezer i know, i just can't bring myself to do it meanwhile that freezer keeps getting smaller and smaller t wanna keep tony waiting hey you got a problem with tony? hunky tony hey hey hey ok, jerry, i would be going out with him no matter what he looked like of course you would oh yeah, oh like you're one to talk elaine what? different for a man uh? we're expected to be superficial i'm not being superficial elaine, he's a he's a male bimbo, he's a mimbo he's not a mimbo, he's an exciting, charismatic man he just happened to have a perfect face and that's why you're going out with him no it is not you know, i think george has a non-sexual crush on him i think he does too i mean, every time i see him, it's tony this, tony that.
 george is like a school girl around him so i said uh hey dude, you better step off 'step off'? yeah you said step off'? wow, that is too much hey huh hey tony, i huh, i just had this brainstorm for us.
 can you guess what it is? no bowling! what do you say bowling? bowling's insane! bowling is crazy time bowling? i don't think so george you get no rush from bowling rush? you want a rush? drop a ball on your toe my friend, talk about a rush, you'll be throbbing, you'll see visions no no no no, i'm thinking rock-climbing all right! rock-climbing! j just the of us? alright! hey i'll make some sandwiches, what what do you like? tuna? peanut butter? what whatever alright alright, i gotta buy some bread yeah yeah, you know i'm definitely down for some rock-climbing me too, i am down, i am totally down, mark me down cool, so what do you say we climb a rock ma&ntilde;ana? uh ma&ntilde;ana? huh ma&ntilde;ana might huh ma&ntilde;ana might be a problem, i'm supposed to have huh a boil lanced ma&ntilde;ana.
 huh you know i think they charge me if i cancel with only one ma&ntilde;ana's notice hey kramer hey hey, hey kramer my man, what are you doing ma&ntilde;ana? ma&ntilde;ana i'm doing nada what do you say you scale some rock with me and george? uh tony? there's not gonna be too many sandwiches c'mon kramer what do you say? huh kramer it's huh gonna be pretty dangerous up there na, i am down yes alright buddy, take it easy kramer you down to it george? what's wrong? oh no, i am down! rock climbing? hehe where do you come off going rock climbing rock climbing? you need a boost to climb into your bed alright alright yeah yeah what is it with you and tony? what are you? it's like his sidekick now? yeah that's right.
 i like it.
 he's such a cool guy cool guy? what are you, in th grade? he's the first cool guy i've ever been friends with in my whole life.
 you know it's a different world when you're with a cool guy, he's not afraid of anybody.
 you should hear the way he talks to waitresses he gets free pie! hey hey nice move today what? horning on my rock climbing trip.
 it's just supposed to be me and tony he asked me you put him on the spot you know i think you are in love with him what? that's ridiculous! no no no, i don't think so.
 you love him you better be careful on those rocks tomorrow buddy.
 and you're not getting any sandwiches either you're making sandwiches? hello well i don't know if there's gonna be any place to eat up there who? hey elaine, does tony like peanut butter? hates it good thing i asked  who is it? well she says jane yeah, so? well that voice, it's very familiar throaty, almost flinty did you say flinty? yeah yeah, flinty  hello hey george, hear that? please please i don't want to die up here.
 please, stop moving that's all i'm asking kramer!! let go, hey grab the rock what rock? the rock uh oh you gotta relax try the yodel yodel lay hee hoo  yodel lay hee hoo  yodel lay hee hoo  yodel lay hee hoo  george! kramer! yeah! take the rope, thread it through the carabiniere and knot it, and i'll climb up to where you are alright george you got it? yeah hey george, you got anything to eat dude?  t like peanut butter what? dude aah .
 ahh !! oh look at that i got oil all over me.
 can i have your napkin? what? you napkin i'm dripping well where is your napkin? i used it up well i need mine oh god loot at the time, i gotta get to work you know i'd like to hear about this job of yours i told you already it's very boring you know i think i got a little too much garlic, can i have a piece of gum you're fine oh how does this thing work? just press it it's elaine oh come on up  who was it? it's elaine oh huh is she coming up? yeah oh uh you know your breath is a little garlicky you better take some gum.
 ok yeah have a couple of pieces, weak, weak gum yeah hmm have some more, take some for the road.
 isn't it too much? trust me nah it's good smell? yeah stinks, terrible hi elaine hi this is jane elaine hi, nice to meet you finally it's so nice to meet you i look forward to saturday night yeah me too ok so i'll see you saturday night saturday night what is with the gum? i know it's a big problem she puts like four pieces in her mouth, it's ridiculous, i don't think we're gonna be able to get together on saturday night because of the gum well it's too much, it's embarrassing why does she have to chew so many? she's one of these people, always have to be different she's there, i can hear her alright, who's gonna tell her huh you tell her it was your fault if you hadn't come, this whole thing wouldn't have happen well hey hey what are you doing here? did you have fun yeah for a little while where's tony? oh uh kramer was supposed to tie a knot whoa whoa ginga, you were supposed to tie the knot did something happened? well, tony took a bit of a tumble his face, did something happen to his face? well it all depends on what you mean by happen he he's alive yeah what happened to his face, tell me, what happened to his face well you see he slipped, and he landed on a kinda of a rock yeah the ambulance got there very quickly it was a big rock we rode along all the way to the hospital yeah i sang bottles of beer on the wall well aside from that from that, how did he like the sandwiches? so huh, what did the doctors say? they said huh they said i'm coming along but what else did they say well, they said huh tony, try to keep it clean right yeah no i mean did they get into stuff like a long jagged scars or gross deformities, major skin grafts, stuff like that i really don't remember, i was kinda out of it for the st couple of days, i was on a lot of medication, it was kinda like haze, it was pretty cool huh but huh, in this medicated haze, in this woozy state, um do you recall the words radical reconstructive surgery being uttered? i don't know, i don't know think tony, think i'm drawing a blank, babe excuse me.
hi elainethis isn't a very good time george i just wanted to talk to tony for a minute step off george, i don't wanna see you me? step off yeah, tony says you better step off george but why, it wasn't my fault, i you asked me a sandwich, i i make such delicious sandwiches elaine just beat it dude! here elaine here, superman please, next time it will only be the two of us there won't be any next time george oh tony don't ok step off george, can u just step off? i i just but bye bye george wait wait yes? would you throw this trash out i've been waiting a while for this.
 you know it's a shame tony got all banged up, we're not gonna be able to get together on saturday night oh that is too bad, what a shame yeah, it's a damn shame, a damn shame! well maybe he's feeling better yeah without a doubt, i'm down re you doing? jane this is my neighbor kramer hey hello kramer well hello jane jerry told me so much about you, i feel like i know you intimately  ll see you later buddy wait, where are you going? where are you going? uptown, to the y oh i'm going uptown too, you wanna split a cab? what about the driver? what are you talking about? alright i changed my mind, uh yeah i don't think i'm not gonna go now well ok i'll see you later, ok.
nice meeting you that's her who? erika, she's erika oh you think she's erika, the phone sex woman jerry, that voice is tattooed on my brain, i'm telling you it's her oh you're crazy am i? or am i so sane that you just blew your mind? it's impossible iis it? or is it so possible your heard is spinning like a top? it can't be can't it? or is your entire world just crashing down all around you? alright that's enough yeaaaaah! he's supposed to get the bandages off on sunday what if? what? you know oh you're afraid he might look like zippy the pinhead yeah i mean, i mean what is my obligation here, you know we were just dating, it was probably gonna be over in a couple of weeks anyway oh i though you didn't care about his looks i lied aha are you kidding, he's a mimbo i know that but he's my mimbo, you know and even if he is a hideous freak maybe, maybe i can learn to love him, maybe in some final irony ll learn what love really is.
 you know jerry oh i'm sorry i didn't get most of that isn't that kramer over there? yeah, yeah hey kramer what? hey s all set what's all set? erika is gonna meet me here, now we're gonna find out the truth how's you get her to meet here? i don't know, we have a certain chemistry oh my god hi i thought i'd find you here hello erika erika? what are you talking about? how can u say things like that over the phone? what things? what are you talking about? selling sexual pleasure over the phone? i sell paper goods you jerk paper goods? excuse me, do you have a tissue? no, i'm sorry, i can't spare it, there's not enough to spare where's the ladies room i have to go to the bathroom too oh damn something wrong? yeah there's no toilet paper in here, i usually check but would you mind? i can't, i don't have it, i don't have a square to spare, i can't spare a square hey, wait a minute, i know you that's right honey, and i know you! no, no, no!!! here, take it thanks t call me anymore  you either now of the course the thing is extreme sports.
 bungie jumping.
 to me if bungie jumping is a sport so is being a crash test dummy.
 just leaning does not make it a sport.
 it's like a wiley coyote idea isn't it? the thing i wonder about the sky diving is why do they even bother with the helmets? can you almost make it? why don't they just wear a party hat? what's the difference? you jump out of a plane from twenty thousand feet in the air the chute doesn't open i got news for you, the helmet is now wearing you for protection.
 later on the helmet's talking to the other helmets going boy it's a good thing he was there or i would have hit the ground directly.
 hey, do you believe i got happy new yeared today? it's february.
i once got happy new yeared in march.
it's disgusting.
it's pathetic.
 .
 .
 .
 hey, is it cold out?really cold.
scary cold.
i don't know.
 what's your definition of scary cold?that.
  what is that, ha?what?when did you get that?this week.
 my father got a deal from a friend of his.
 it's gore-tex.
 you know about gore-tex?you like saying gore-tex, don't you?hey, you can't even turn around in that thing.
look at thishey george, can you feel this? can you all right, all right.
 knock it off.
 come on, let's go.
oh listen we should stop off on the way and get a bottle of wine or something.
yeah.
 what for?these people invited us for dinner.
 we have to bring something.
why?because it's rude, otherwise.
you mean just going there because i'm invited, that's rude?yes.
so you're telling me instead of them being happy to see me, they're going to be upset because i didn't bring anything.
 ttst --you see what i'm saying?the fabric of society is very complex george.
i don't even drink wine.
 i drink pepsi.
ya can't bring pepsi.
 why not?because we're adults?you telling me that wine is better than pepsi? huh , no way wine is better than pepsi.
i tell you george, i don't think we want to walk in there and put a big plastic jug of pepsi in the middle of the table.
i just don't like the idea that any time there's a dinner invitation there's this annoying little chore that goes along with it.
you know, you're getting to be an annoying little chore yourself.
all right, let's go.
 who's driving? you are.
 i can't get that thing in my car.
 uh huh.
where's the heat in this car? come on elaine warm me up, oh! i'm cold.
 just give me a little squeeze.
jerry get off of me.
 get off of me! get off, get off of me!hehehehehe you're pretty comfortable up there eh, bubble boy?oh, yeah.
 you wish you had this coat.
you know, i was just thinking.
 the four of us can't show up with just one bottle of wine.
oh, here we go what?why don't we get them a couch? em a nice sectional.
 yeahhehehehewe should bring some cake.
 will you stop off at the bakery? all right, yeah.
why don't you just get some ring dings from the liquor store?ring dings?hey, ring dings are better than anything you're gonna get at a bakery.
ooooh i like ring dings.
george, we can't show up at someone's house with ring dings and pepsi.
hey your lights are on!  m really excited about the ring dings and the pepsi.
 what are we, europeans with the beaujolais and chardonnay .
 .
 .
oh, kramer, that's the bakery.
 stop here.
 stop here.
 all right.
okay, let me out.
 you, eh, whatever your name is jerry.
yeah, jerry, jerry -- come with me.
okay, so we're going to get the wine and we'll pick you up here in ten minutes.
yeah.
all rightummm, i love the smell of bakeries.
mmm.
 oh look elaine, the black and white cookie.
mmm.
i love the black and white.
 two races of flavor living side by side in harmony.
 it's a wonderful thing isn't it?you know i often wonder what you'll be like when you're senile.
i'm looking forward to it.
yeah.
 i think it will be a very smooth transition for you.
thank you.
 all right, look at all this stuff.
 what are we getting'?chocolate babka! that's their specialty.
love that babka.
yeah, yeah!so listen elaine, when we get up to the door, you , you hold the cake box.
why?i don't know, just standing there with a box, holding it by the little string.
you think it's effeminate?it's a tad dainty.
oh, we forgot to pick a number.
oh, see that's not fair.
 we-we were here ahead of all these people.
i-cu-di-ge--you think i should go and ask her for hers?ah, no, forget it.
no, no no no, no it's not fair.
 just because they have a ticket doesn't mean they were here first.
 we were here, and we were ahead of them, and them, and her.
 come on let's just go ask em.
 come on.
 .
 .
 .
 excuse me.
 m not finding a spot here.
 what do you want to do?ah, just double park.
no, no.
why not?i'll get a ticket! besides, what if somebody wants to get out of here?are you kidding? people get spaces this good, they never give em up.
that's a fallacy.
all right, i'll tell you what why don't you go into the store and i'll wait in the car?why don't you go into the store and i'll wait in the car?because, i've got the coat.
 i can sit in the car and not get cold.
so what i'm going to leave the car running and the heat ll be on.
does the heater even work in this car?no.
oh, hey, eh, there's a spot right in front of the liquor store.
 you seei see.
you see, hu, ho ho.
but we were here ahead of you.
how do i know that?well we saw you come in.
well, that's easy for you to say.
oh, yeah, right, that's something i do all the time, right.
 i make up stories to get ahead in lines at bakeries.
 ?wait, wait a second are, are you barbara benedict?yes.
oh my god.
 i, i know you.
 i-i'm, i'm elaine benes.
 do you remember we met at linda van grak's baby shower.
i'm on my way over there right now.
yeah me too.
you're jerry right?david!well, this is a little awkward, isn't it?yes it is.
you know we were here, ahead of you.
you're not getting my number.
oh so you still don't believe us.
 !that's us.
ohhh, ok, fine, fine, go ahead.
 but listen let me tell you something as soon as i get there i'm going to tell everyone what a jerk you are.
well, i'll be there ahead of you and i'll be telling them what a jerk you are.
 .
 .
 .
 ll have the chocolate babka.
you're lucky mrs.
 benedict it's our last one.
alright, what are we getting? it's hot in here!ooo, what do you say we get a mouton cadet?what's that?well its a bordeaux.
 robust, bold, very dry.
 as opposed to a beaujolais -- which is richer and fruitier.
 ahh, here's one.
 twelve dollars.
twelve dollars? i knew we should have gone to the bakery.
 i guarantee you they're not getting no twelve dollar cake.
all right look, i am going to have to pay you back later.
 i don't have my wallet.
.
 .
 .
 why not?because i don't like to carry my wallet.
 my osteopath says that it's bad for my spine.
 it throws my hips off kilter.
 'throws your hips off kilter so where's your money? i never take it.
so what do you do?oh, i get by.
see you later see you later.
that's the last babka.
 they got the last babka.
i know.
 they're going in first with the last babka.
that was our babka.
you can't beat a babka.
we had that babka.
 re going to be heroes.
well what are we going to do now.
 if we can't get the babka the whole thing's useless.
well how about a carrot cake?carrot cake? now w-why is that a cake? you don't make carrots into a cake.
 i'm sorry.
black forrest?black forrest? too scary.
 you're in the forrest, oohh.
how about a napoleon?napoleon? who's he to have a cake? he was a ruthless war monger.
 might as well get mengele.
that was our babka.
 we had that babka!what's this one?that, cinnamon babka.
 another babka?there's chocolate and there's cinnamon.
well-well we got to get the cinnamon.
no, but they got the chocolate.
 we'll be going in with lesser babka.
i beg your pardon? cinnamon takes a back seat to no babka.
 people love cinnamon.
 it should be on tables in restaurants along with salt and pepper.
 anytime anyone says, oh this is so good.
 what's in it? the answer invariably comes back, cinnamon.
 cinnamon.
 again and again.
 lesser babka - i think not.
 ?i'll have a cinnamon babka.
 and a black and white cookie, for me.
 peace!that'll be .
 all right here you go.
yeuu.
a hundred? i can't change that.
you can't - huhu, all right let's go.
wait a second.
 i can get change.
hey, anybody got change for a hundred?are you crazy?! what are you doing?! you'll get us killed!what?don't go shouting we got a hundred dollar bill.
 people will be jumping out of windows on top of us.
alright, let's go but something.
 then we'll get some change.
i am not buying something just to get change.
george, there's a news stand right over there.
 now come on.
all right, what are we doing?just get some gum or something.
pack of gum.
 here you go.
 what is it a hundred? i can't change a hundred.
why not?you got to buy more than that.
here, get a newspaper.
 newspaper.
not enough.
clark bar.
 clark bar.
keep going.
we're up to two dollars here.
here, george, get a penthouse forum.
i'm not getting a penthouse forum.
why? no, that'll make great dinner party conversation.
 we'll read the letters at the dinner table.
oh, that's nice.
come on, did you ever read one of these?it's not real.
 they're all made up.
ohh, it's real.
well you know there is an unusual number of people in this country having sex with amputees! .
 .
 .
 penthouse forum, newspaper, gum, clark bar.
 .
 .
ah, great.
 all right, with the wine i'm in over twenty dollars now.
all right, all right.
yes, i'm sorry, it's a new coat.
 it-it's gore-tex.
you better be careful with that thing you'll start a war.
uhm, see the key to eating a black and white cookie, elaine, is you want to get some black and some white in each bite.
 nothing mixes better than, vanilla and chocolate.
 and yet still somehow racial harmony eludes us.
 if people would only -- all our problems would be solved.
well your views on race relations are just, fascinating.
 you really should do an op-ed piece for the times.
 hmm.
 look to the cookie elaine look to the cookie.
 well what is this?what?it's a hair.
oh, oh take it back.
 let's get another one.
no, we're late as it is.
 i'll just take it off.
no no come on really, get another one.
 it'll take a second.
alright, alright.
excuse me.
no noo no, we just bought this.
 .
 .
 .
 um, you sold us a cake with a hair on it.
you have to take a number.
we waited fifteen minutes for this.
 tst - you sell me a cake with a hair on it.
 then you want me to wait? .
 .
 .
 what are you doing re gonna wait now?well, i'm not going to eat a cake with a hair on it.
well it was a little hair.
 i took it off.
a little hair? do you think that makes it better?what if it's your hair?what if it's your hair? what is wrong with my hair? nobody takes better care of their hair than me.
 you can serve dinner on my head.
who needs that misty herbal rain water crap they sell in the health food store.
 i use prell, the hard stuff.
 hundred proof - takes your roots out.
 okay, fine, we'll just wait until she calls the number.
well, maybe we should just forget about the cake?no i'm bringing cake! all right we got the wine.
 aren't we lucky? we got wine.
 whoopee whoa! imagine if we didn't bring the wine.
 we'd be shunned by society.
 outcasts! where's your wine? get out! l-look at this?ahh.
somebody double parked and blocked us in.
 d-does anybody know whose car that is? maybe there's a note on it.
 ohh-oh brother.
 no, no note.
 can you believe this?' well of course i noticed it too with those cannibal breasts and pouty lips.
 i don't have to tell you she was a knock out .
 i really can not comprehend how stupid people could be sometimes.
 can you comprehend it?no, no i can't comprehend it?i mean we can put a man on the moon but we're still basically very stupid.
 the guy who's car this is? he could be one of the guys that built the rocket.
 you see what i'm saying?well yeah, yeah.
 he could build the rocket, but-but he's still stupid for double-parking and blocking somebody in.
so you really understand my point about building a rocket and double-parking.
yeah, on one hand he's smart with rockets and on the other hand he's dumb with parking.
 .
 .
 .
 it's cold out here huh?maybe it's not even stupidity.
 maybe it's just a blatant disregard for basic human decency.
 yeah this how dictator's start.
 do you think mussolini would circle the block six times looking for a spot?how about idi amin, huh?i'll tell you, if i was running for office i would ask for the death penalty for double-parkers.
 if this is allowed to go on this is not a society.
 this is anarchy!are those shoes comfortable?no not really.
cause they look comfortable.
i know that's why i bought `em but they're not comfortable.
why couldn't we just take the hair off and go?no.
 that's out of the question.
whhhy?because i had a bad experience with a hair when i was younger.
what happened?i'd rather not talk about it.
you can't tell me?all right .
 .
 .
 .
 i once found a hair in my farina and i freaked out.
you found a hair in your farina?yeah.
 what happened?well i started screaming, there's a hair in my farina.
 there's a hair in my farina.
 then i ran out of the house and i was running and running.
 and like i was little but i could run very fast.
 and i-i just kept running and they found me like three hours later collapsed at a construction site.
 s hair was it?my mother's.
 ahhhhh !ooo, that's us.
 oh, good.
you sold us a hair with a cake around it.
 we'd like another one.
 oh, that's lovely.
ah,that's what you want to see, yeah.
 .
 .
 .
 yeah, you want to trade your hair for some phlegm.
yeah that's a good deal -- you win the pennant with that trade, hair for phlegm.
here you are.
 okay.
 alright we got the cake now.
 where is george and kramer?hey double-parker! we are really late now.
 we're in big trouble.
 big trouble.
why?you know -- elaine.
what about her?.
 .
 .
 i'm a little scared of her.
you're scared of elaine?yes!why?did you ever see her lose her temper.
 i was once late cause i bought a panama hat -- she grabbed it by the brim, pulled it down so hard my head came right through the top of it.
hey, let's go inside the liquor store.
 i'm freezin in here.
why didn't you just wear a heavier coat?because i wanted to look good for the party.
oh, hey, hey, hey! that's great! that's very nice.
 you know we've been waiting twenty minutes for you people?! what do you think, you're mussolini?!i wasn't talking to you.
wait `til i get my hands on that george.
 i am gonna that big hood over his little head tie the strings, and suffocate.
 you remember that panama hat? that was nothing.
huh, wa?what's the matter with you?i don't know, i don't feel so good.
what's wrong?my stomach, i , think it was that cookie.
the black and white?yeah.
not getting along?i think i got david duke and farrakhan down there.
 oh my stomach.
 i feel like i'm going to throw up.
wait, what about your vomit streak?i know, i haven't thrown up since june th, .
oh, oh! ooh my god.
 oh!sorry? you almost took my toe off.
 why don't you watch what you're doing you, lunatic!  re you going?fourteen years down the drain.
 do you think chickens have individual personalities? t know.
if you had like five chickens could you tell them apart by just the way they acted? or would they all just be walking around? bak, bak, baak, bak? cause if they have individual personalities i'm not sure we should be eaten `em.
 what's the matter with you? waj cha jia jacan i help you guys with anything?oh, no no no -- we bought the wine here before, but now, you know we're bl-blocked in by some car double parked and we're just waiting for the guy to pull out.
well wait outside.
 this isn't a hangout.
but my friend here has hypothermia.
 hypothermia.
all right guys, take it outside.
you're paying for these.
how was it?as good as it gets.
you know that coat was gore-tex.
 it's worth a hell of a lot more than that, cheap chardonnay.
 t stop shaking.
i'm cold too.
 at least you've got a coat.
 let's get in the car.
 oh, my god that's saddam hussein.
 the dictator.
can i get'ca anything else?oh, no thanks.
how about a nice box of scram'.
s-s-somebody double parked, we couldn't help it.
 it might have been saddam hussein, we're not really sure.
 he eh, had a british accent though.
what, what happened to you?somebody put a cane on my foot.
 just like the one i'm going to put up your hey, what happened to your coat? and what is the smell? is-ya, what are you drunk?i had to give it to the liquor store guy.
what for?i spilled some chardonnay.
 so, what did you get?cinnamon babka.
cinnamon? why didn't cha get chocolate?george!here, here's your cake.
 and your wine.
see ya'.
see ya'.
 well did he bring it up in the meeting?elaine, see this t-shirt, six years i've had this t-shirt.
 it's my best one, i call him golden boy.
yeah, i'm on the phone here.
golden boy's always the first shirt i wear out of the laundry.
 here touch golden boy!no thanks.
 ll hold.
but see look at the collar, it's fraying.
 golden boy is slowly dying.
 each wash brings him one step closer, that's what makes the t-shirt such a tragic figure.
why don't you just let golden boy soak in the sink with some woolight?no!!! the reason he's the iron man is because he goes out there and plays every game.
 wash!!! spin!!! rinse!!! spin!!! you take that away from him, you break his spirit! yuri testikov, the russian writer!the guy who's in the gulag?!yeah! pendant's publishing his new book, and i'm working on it! lippman and i are gonna go to the airport on thursday and pick him up in a limousine!you wanna barrow golden boy!oh! s like working with tolstoy!hey ya know i read an unbelievable thing about tolstoy the other day, did you know the original title for war and peace was war--what is it good for?'! .
ha ha ha ha.
no, no i'm not kidding elaine it's true, his mistress didn't like the title and insisted that he change it to war and peace'!but it's a line from that song!that's were they got it from!really?i'm not joking! you can't handle the truth! what? what is this your mail? yeah, i grabbed it on the way out, i don't want my mother reading it.
oh! your alumni magazine.
your mother reads your mail?yeah.
what do you mean like post-cards an ?no, anything.
she doesn't open ?she'll open!you've caught your mother opening envelopes!yes.
what did she say?i was curious! isn't that against the law?maybe i can get her locked up.
 s not anything about you in here?he can't handle the truth!all right  johnny yuma was a rebel, yeah! are you all right?yeah.
 unh .
 sorry.
it's ok.
 yeah.
 oh, here, wait wait s a electronic organizer what?ah, yeah.
 uh wh ?yeah, here it is yeah.
you know, for phone numbers, addresses, keep appointments, everything.
wow!it's got an alarm that beeps!oh! i can't believe this, kramer!yeah.
i've been wanting to get one of these things! are you sure that  are you sure you can't use this thing?no no no.
 i got all my appointments up here.
 where'd you get this?well, the bank, i opened up a new account.
hey, did you see that whale thing on tv last night?no.
i am such a huge whale fan.
 these marine biologists were showin how they communicate with each other with these squeaks and squeals, what a fish!it's a mammal.
whatever.
 hey new tape recorder?yeah, got it from the bank.
 hey.
hey.
 who wants to have some fun!i do.
i do.
 you want to have fun or do you reallllly want to have fun?!i really wanna have fun.
i'm just sayin i wanna have some fun.
right now there six-hundred titleists that i got from the driving range in the trunk of my car.
 why don't we drive out to rock-a-way and hit `em----------- , that ball goes sailing up into the sky holds there for a moment and then .
 gulp!come on.
 ya wanna go get some lunch?yeah, let me just stop by the cash machine and i'll meet you over at the coffee shop.
yeah, i'm gonna get a paper.
keep your head down.
yeah!  i won!jerry?yeah.
it's diane, diane deconn, from queens college.
oh diane.
 how are you?good, good.
 how long has it been?since college.
huh.
 i've been seeing you on tv you're doin great.
yeah pluggin along.
you know i got the alumni magazine.
 what ever happened to your friend george? i notice i never see his name in there.
well he's kind of modest.
he was always such a goof-off.
 i mean did he ever get anywhere?sure.
yeah? what field?marine biology.
george is a marine biologist?!yeah, pretty damn good one, too!i can't believe it.
 i-i would never had thought yeah he's specializing in whales.
 he's working on lowering the cholesterol level, in whales all that blubber -- quite unhealthy.
 you know it's the largest mammal on earth but as george says they don't have to be.
'diane deconn? you saw diane deconn!something huh?ahh! how'd she look?she looked great.
ahh! umh!she asked about you.
she asked about me? what did- what did she say?'how's george?'george! she said george? she remembered my name.
 girl!yeah she asked for your number, i think she's gonna get in touch with you.
 m serious about that.
 you got that.
i got no problem with that.
good.
 cause if this is a lie, if this is a joke, if this is your idea of some cute little game we're finished!expect a call.
oh my god he's not kidding.
 now, i should tell you that, at this point, she's under the impression that you're - a - ah a what?a marine biologist.
 a marine biologist?yes.
why am i a marine biologist?i may have mentioned it.
but i'm not a marine biologist!yes i know that.
so?why, you don't think it's a good job?i didn't even know it was a job.
oh it's a fascinating field!well what if she calls me? what am i supposed to say?! algae, obviously plankton, hmhm.
 i don't know what else i could tell ya, ah, oh i-i just got back from a trip to the galapagos islands, i was living with the turtles.
we have got you in a very nice hotel, i-i don't know how you like to work, but ah, i can arrange for an office if you like.
 i work in hotel.
oh.
 is better.
away from all your little petty bickerings and interference.
you know, tolstoy use to write in the village square.
 the faces inspired him.
 ohh, that is so true! yes.
although one wonders if war and peace would has been as highly acclaimed as it was, had it was published under it's original title war---what is it good for?'what?yeah.
 mr.
 lippman.
 it was who insisted that he call it elaine 'war and peace.
'elaine 'war--what is it good for.
 huh! say it again! ahehehehe ahhuuh s a song it  they-they took it from tolstoy.
no.
 e-elaine.
war--what is it good for?it-no- it's just her sense of humor.
no it's not.
 that really is true.
what is that noise!it's not yes it is no it's not!!that noise! it-it-it's her purse.
where is that noise? it's traveling up my spine! into my brain!oh, i it's coming from your purse.
oh it must be my new organizer.
that noise! yes turn it off.
right, i think it's this no it's the button.
 elaine i can not stand it!it's the button at the top, the top.
ok.
 i don't quite know will you turn it off!the one at the top.
yeah, i'm gonna work on that aaach!yeah ohoo.
i did it for you.
i don't know what'cha had to tell her that for.
 you put me in a very difficult position, marine biologist! i'm very uncomfortable with this whole thing.
you know with all do respect i would think it's right up your alley.
well it's not up my alley! it's one thing if i make it up.
 i know what i'm doin, i know my alleys! you got me in the galapagos islands livin with the turtles, i don't know where the hell i am.
well you came in the other day with all that whale stuff, the squeaking and the squealing and look, why couldn't you make me an architect? you know i always wanted to pretend that i was an architect.
 well i-i'm supposed to see her tomorrow, i-i-i'm gonna tell her what's goin on.
 i mean maybe she just likes me for me.
hey.
hey.
hey ya want these t want em!what?i stink! i can't play! the ball is just sitting there, jerry, and i can't hit it! i only hit one really good ball that went way out there!well what happened?i have no concentration!what, what, what's wrong with you?sand, i can get rid of the sand.
 t go away! look i even got sand in the pockets!hey come on, you're getting it all over the floor! hey listen to this, some woman found an electronic organizer, my name was in it, she wants me to help her track down the owner.
how'd she find it?she's waking down the street and it hit her in the head!so i am walkin along, minding my own business when all off the sudden this thing comes flying out of nowhere and clonks me right on the head.
wow.
yeah, so they took me to the hospital yeah  and they put me in this thing, that feels like a coffin, for forty-five minutes.
 have you ever been in one of those things? you could go berserk in there!well you have insurance i wish!unbelievable!yeah.
what is with this thing.
 t know, it never shuts up.
 so anyway, you could see why i would be interested in finding this person.
absolutely.
 you should not have to pay for that.
 stop it! stop it!let me have a look at this thing.
ya know it was somebody told me they thought they saw that thing come out of a limousine.
typical rich people, using the world for their personal garbage can.
boy am i lucky your name came up.
 i just pushed a button.
i would like to know what my name's doin in this creep's organizer to begin with.
yeah.
who do i know who would have even been in a limousine yesterday anyway.
 uhh-o h-owow!wha-- oh, hey.
hey, great organizer you gave me.
oh, you liked it huh.
it wouldn't stop beeping, in the car so testikov, through it out the window.
oh.
 i transferred everything in there.
 i threw out my old book.
 i'm lost now, kramer.
what, what is it?the sand, it's everywhere! ok i'll see you later.
yei-oh, there you are!there you are!so?so?so what do you have to say for yourself?so what do you have to say for yourself?why should i have anything for say for myself?'war-- what is it good for?'!a-ahahahahah.
 who told you?a-hu hu hu hu.
 yuri testikov, the russian writer! hellooo!you told testikov, ?uh-hu.
 and do you know what happened?can i take a guess?oh, please.
oh i don't know, he threw your organizer out the window?what, how did you know that?because i know who has it.
 how did you find it?because the woman who got hit in the head with it found my name, called me up, and we met! where is it, give it to me!i don't have it!why not.
because she's not returning it until she gets the money back for the hospital bill.
but i didn't do it.
 testikov did it, he should pay for it!how much is testikov getting from pendant for this book?one million.
well that's a start.
then of course with evolution, the octopus lost the nostrils and took on the more familiar look that we know today.
uh-really?yeah, but if you still look closely you can see ah, a little bump where the nose use to be.
 huhuhuhu.
wow.
but enough about fish, huhuhu.
 i can discuss other things you know, ah architecture.
 huhu.
 you know what room testikov's in?yeah, .
 oh, i'm crazy for doing this!well, you want your organizer back don't you?why are you so interested -- you want to take her out?hey you know when superman saves someone no one asks if he's trying to hit on her!well, you're not superman.
well you're not lois lane.
oh.
 listen, you got the tape-recorder.
yeah i got it.
 you sure you want to do this? yeah i gotta get testikov on tape.
 if this woman ends up in the new england journal of medicine i'm not gonna pay for it.
oh, here she comes.
hi.
hi.
elaine, this is corinne.
hello.
hi, you got the organizer?all right lets go.
 we'll meet you back down here in ten minutes, hopefully with the money.
your parents must be so proud of you, george.
oh, they're busting!hmhm.
what are those people doing over there? what, come in - come in - come in miss benes! that is if you can spare a minute from your busy schedule! and you bring guest for my entertainment?um, yes this is my friend jerry.
 um, he accompanied me, ya know , single women in a big city can be dangerous, so yeah.
 th-that's why i where these sneakers, in case of any trouble -- zip, i'm gone.
 yeah, yeah.
 the sneakers.
 all the americans with the sneakers.
 always running from something.
 ya ya, well sit, stop running, ehh.
 two minutes, i give you latest manuscript!oh! rimsky -- great great book if i may say so sir.
 i almost read the whole thing.
hmm.
 what!if you can't thing off, i'll have to ask you to leave.
i'm waitin for two people! well you can wait for them outside.
yeah, t want to take any attention away from the hookers!all right, all right.
 out, out.
whatever you say, cro w-well!what's going on over here?there is a beached whale, she's dying.
is anyone here a marine biologist?here is latest draft.
 i see you next week.
 same time, same day.
 on time please.
 ok.
it was nice meeting you aah.
 you're a real pleasure.
 ya ya.
 uh-oh-ah, by the way mr.
 testikov um, do you remember the other day when we were in the limo and ah, my organizer started making noise and you threw it out the window? yes.
 how could i forget? heehe.
 well um, would you believe that it actually, hit somebody in the head.
right in the head! boing! hehe hehe.
  what is that noise!oh that's nothing.
 um and anyway um what's going on huh! that noise! no, no that's my purse!that noise!no, get-get off my purse!agh, it's recorder!no that's radio!ha! you are spying on me!come on! save the whale! you gotta do it!save the whale george for me.
so i started to walk into the water.
 i won't lie to you boys, i was terrified! but i pressed on -- and as i made my way passed the breakers a strange calm came over me.
 i-i don't know if it was divine intervention or the kinship of all living things but i tell you jerry at that moment i was a marine biologist!george i've just reading this thing in the paper, it's unbelievable!i know i was just telling them the story.
well come on george, finish the story.
the sea was angry that day my friends like an old man trying to send back soup in a deli!i got about fifty-feet out and suddenly, the great beast appeared before me.
 i tell ya he was ten stories high if he was a foot.
 as if sensing my presence he let out a great bellow.
 i said, easy big fella! and then, as i watched him struggling i realized, that something was obstructing its breathing.
 from where i was standing i could see directly into the eye of the great fish!mammal.
whatever.
well then, what did you do next?well then, from out of nowhere, a huge tidal wave lifted me, tossed like a cork and i found myself right on top of him, face to face with the blow-hole.
 i-i, i could barely see from the waves crashing down upon me but, i knew something was there so i reached my hand in, felt around and pulled out the obstruction!what is that a titleist? a hole in one eh.
well the-the crowd must have gone wild!ohh yes, yes.
 yes jerry they were all over me.
 it was like rocky , hm.
 diane came up to me, threw her arms around me  um-hm.
 kissed me.
 we both had tears streaming down our faces.
 i never saw anyone so beautiful.
 it was at that moment that i decided to tell her that, i was not a marine biologist.
wow! what'd she say?told me to go to hell! and i took the bus home.
all right lets go.
what, are you in a bad mood?ahhh got my laundry back.
ohhh! golden boy?he didn't make it.
i'm sorry.
 yea.
 s son baby blue.
 s with you?sand.
 it's everywhereyep.
hum! that was really good! yeah.
 are you full? oh no, i've had just enough.
 ah, here we go apple pie! best apple pie in the city.
 m not waiting for you.
 take some.
 no thanks.
 you're not gonna have any? no do you not like apple pie? no, it's not that.
 well, at least taste it.
 no you won't even taste it? no.
 come on, try it! she wouldn't so much as taste it.
did she say why? no.
 she wouldn't say anything.
 she just kept shaking her head like this maybe she's diabetic.
 no.
 she carries entemanns doughnuts in her purse.
 maybe you said something that offended her.
 the only thing i can think of is i told her we should have those moving walkways all over the city.
 like at the airport? yeah.
 that's a great idea!!! tell me about it! we could be zipping all over the place.
 they could at least try it.
 they never try anything.
 what's the harm? no harm!  s no reason for her not to taste that pie.
 who wouldn't taste a pie? audrey.
 dump her.
 boy, i never broke up with anyone for not tasting pie???  i once broke up with someone for not offering me pie.
 you did? he could be eating a gyro, he wouldn't offer me anything.
 it's a sickness.
 well, i can't walk anywhere now.
 i'm just gonna be wishing there were walkways.
 what are you doing? i got a pebble.
 boy, i never heard of that happening to a woman? what the hell does that mean? hey! elaine.
 go like this.
 what? why? do it.
 do it.
 this.
 like like this? oh yeah! it's you! what's me?  s a clothing store downtown.
 they got a mannequin in there that looks exactly like elaine.
 get out! it's uncanny! it's like they chopped off your arms and legs, dipped you in plastic, and screwed you back all together again, and stuck you on a pedestal.
 it's really quite exquisite.
 kramer, what's the name of the store with the mannequin? rinitze.
 oh yeah  it's this itch.
 i was watching tv without my shirt on, and one my couch cushions didn't have any fabric on it.
 wait a minute, rinitze? don't they have somme really cool suits in there? real boss! i'm going down there.
 i'm gonna go with you.
 i gotta get a new suit.
 i got a second interview with mackenzie, and i think i'm really close.
 they're all taking me out to lunch on friday.
  s go.
 all right.
 all right.
  are you gonna need this? keep it.
 it looks exactly like me.
 it's like some pod landed from another planet and took your body.
 don't fall asleep elaine.
 what's going on here? how do you think this happened? whoa, look at this.
 this is a beautiful suit.
 huh? you think that could be a coincidence george? is that possible?  you are perfect for that suit.
 you think so?  excuse me.
 where did this come from? i don't know.
 you really think this looks o.
k.
 on me? fabulous.
 perfect fit.
 and it's the last one we have.
 i'm sorry.
 you can't tell me where the mannequin came from? i told you, i don't know.
  well, is there somebody around here i could talk to who would know? why? isn't it obvious? this mannequin looks exactly like me.
  did you just roll your eyes at him? because let me tell you something, if anobody should be rolling their eyes, it is me at him about you.
 i think maybe you're flattering yourself.
 that mannquein is wearing a twelve hundred dollar gaultier dress.
 what are you saying, that i'm not good enough for this hideous dress? ll meet you outside.
 what is her problem? ah, pfft! what can you do? is this the price tag? yes.
 yes, hello.
 party's over.
 i'll tell you a little secret.
 we're having an unadvertised sale starting friday, that suit will be half-price.
 so you think you can put the suit aside and hold it for me? oh, i'm afraid i could't do that.
 it wouldn't be fair to the other customers.
 oh yes, of course, and we have to be fair.
 so, i found out who supplies the mannequins and i called em up.
 well, how did they get your face? i don't know.
 they wouldn't tell me.
 jerry? je hello?  t help but notice you offered her a piece of your pie.
 and you waved it away.
 did you give her a reason? you were full.
 so you gave a reason.
 you didn't just shake your head.
 exactly.
 you're not a psycho.
 you've been very helpful.
 thank you very much.
 allow me to leave the tip.
 well, i think we proven who the psycho is.
 we certainly have.
 hey, elaine scratch my back.
 no way! come on, one lap around.
 no.
 it will be a funky adventure.
 kramer, forget it.
 jerry, how about you? i think you know my policy.
 i'm going home to spatula.
 i thought george was meeting us here? no he's going downtown to guard the suit.
 he's guarding a suit?  do you need some help with that itch? madam, i pray you're not toying with me.
 whoa.
 turn around.
 oh, all right.
  it fits you perfectly.
 you think so?  can i help you? i'm buying the suit.
 no, no, no, this suit is not for sale.
 excuse me, do you work here?  then what the hell business is it of yours? look, i'm doing you a favor.
 they're having an unadvertised sale.
 this suit is gonna be half-priced starting monday.
 really? yea yea yeathis monday? yes.
 now take off those pants.
 actually, the unadvertised sale starts on friday.
 friday? thanks.
  re doing a lot of yapping about it.
 i can't beleive your father owns this place.
 so how are the desserts here? everything is delicious.
 you've tasted them? um-hmm, i think almost all of them.
 oh i see they have apple pie.
 mmm-hmm.
 you've had the apple pie? many times.
 audrey, i got to be honest with you.
 i'm a very curious guy.
 it's my nature.
 i need to know things.
 not tasting the apple pie the other day, i can't get past it.
 you obviously like pies.
 you carry doughnuts in your bag, you're not averse to pastry.
 surely you could see how such a thing would prey on my mind.
 can we drop this?  t i know? ah! poppie.
 sweetheart, hello.
 poppie, this is jerry.
 welcome hello poppie.
 don't fill up on the bread.
 i'm making you a very special dinner.
 very special.
 the pies.
 i'm going to the bathroom.
 you know.
 ah, jerry! tonight you in for a real treat.
 i'm personnaly going to prepare the dinner for you and my audrey.
 jerry are you ok? huh? is anything wrong? no, nothing.
 you look like you've seen a ghost.
  ll see you tomorrow.
 hey.
 these are for you olive.
 thank you.
 ohh! here it is.
 wait till you taste this.
 poppie, this is perfect.
  well? jerry have some.
 so she tought i did it to get back at her why didn't you just tell her? i don't think that's the kind of thing you wanna hear about your father.
 but i'll tell you when he came out of that bathroom and he was kneading that dough, it was a wild scene.
 how could he not have washed? even if you're not gonna soap up, at least pretend for my benefit.
 turn the water on, do something.
 yeah, just like i do.
 you know a chef who doesn't wash is like a cop who steals.
 it's a cry for help, he wants to get caught.
 well, i think poppie's got some problems.
 there's a whole other thing going on with poppie.
 so how did you leave it? we haven't spoken.
 well, i'm not gonna need this anymore.
 i got olive.
 olive? yeah.
 my lady friend down at monks.
 oh.
you guys ought to see the way she works her nails across my back.
 ohh! she's a maestro.
 the crisscross.
 the figure eight, strummin the ol banjo, and this wild, savage free-for-all where anything can happen.
 i got to get downtown and buy that suit.
 the store opens in twenty minutes.
 is that elaine mannequin still there? yeah.
 yeah.
the last time i saw her, she was naked.
 yeah, and poppie's got problems where is it? where is it?  t belong here! someone has made a terrible mistake.
 you bastard! you hid the suit.
 hid? i have no idea how this suit got misplaced.
 nevertheless, i do believe i shall purchase it.
 i hope you rot in that suit.
 look i'm gonna get you for this.
 i don't know how, but i'm gonna get you.
 you are going to pay! oh, i'll pay.
 half-price.
 arrivederci my fellow -short.
 so i made a little list of people who might've made the mannequin.
 you know, possible suspects.
 yeah, all right.
 go ahead.
 there's this blind guy at a party i was at, and he felt my face for a really long time.
 you know, to see what i looked like.
 he almost put his finger up my nose.
  hum ok, what else you got? ok, i'm not gonna tell you the rest of the list.
 oh, because i didn't think the blind guy did it? because you have an attitude.
 oh! georgio! nice duds! you're telling me.
 so, what do you think? did you hear something? yeah, like a swoosh.
 yeah.
  s making that swooshy sound.
 i probably didn't hear it on the way over because of the street noise.
 this is no good! i got to meet these guys from mackenzie for lunch in half an hour! so what? what would they care? this mackenzie, he's a bit of a nut.
 someone told me he fired the last guy because his nose whistled when he breathed.
 so you think you're not gonna get the job because your pants make a noise? let's say it comes down to me and one other guy.
 he's got a nice quiet suit, and i'm whooshing all over the place! who do you think he's gonna hire? you know, i think all these interviews are making you nuts.
 hey jerry, i saw your girlfriend was in here before.
 audrey? yep.
 sat down, had herself a piece of pie.
 was it apple? what else? this woman is bending my mind into a pretzel! do i know you? hmm no you don't.
 yeah! you were wearing a g-string and one of those bras with points.
 the mannequin! oh, i got to see this thing.
 boy, the resemblance is uncanny.
 you think you can pose me however you want? that's my ass in your window! it's our store and our mannequin, we can do whatever we want with it.
 no! you take that mannequin down right now, or i'm pressing charges.
 yes, this is my attorney.
  yeah? what law am i breaking? well, i believe there's some legal precedent - winchell vs.
 mahoney, uh-huh the charlie macarthy hearings.
 uh-huh.
 are you taking this down? i'm getting the manager.
 jerry get the car.
 what are you doing? just get the car! elaine, as your legal counsel i must advise against this.
 i don't know about you, but i'm getting a hankering for some doublemint gum.
 alright, i'm dropping you off at work, right? where are you going? poppie's thanks for meeting me down here george.
 my office is out of control, did you hear something? no, i didn't hear anything.
 huh, that's strange.
 t hear anything? no, can't say as i did.
 kind of like a rustling.
 could be the leaves that's right.
 poppie's on th.
 ok we'll see you at : .
 bye-bye.
 hello.
 what are you doing here? so how was the pie? what pie? the apple pie you had today at monks i'm very busy here.
 pretty good, wasn'it? i told you you should've tasted it.
 you better not let poppie see you here.
 all right, i'm looking for someone named poppie.
 uh, who are you? board of health, we've had several complaints.
 oh, about the uh are you poppie? i'm poppie.
 i think you'd better come with me.
 what's the problem? what do they want from poppie? well, poppie's a little sloppy.
 you taught i'd care about your pants wooshing? i heard the last guy got fired because his nose whislted.
 no, no, no.
 he got fired because he wasn't a team player.
 that's something we don't joke about at mackenzie.
 you'll find we're team here george.
 we don't tolerate dissent.
 if you want to go your own way, you're in the wrong place.
 no problem there.
 conformity is an obsession with me.
 chocolate cream pie.
 compliments of the house.
 oh! hope you saved room for dessert.
  the chef said that he made it special for you.
 oh mmm best pie i've ever tasted.
 take a bite george.
 if you're one of us, you'll take a bite.
 so you didn't get the job.
 no.
 but i was the only one at the table that didn't get violently ill.
 kramer, you can't keep avoiding her like this, you're gonna have to say something.
 what am i supposed to say? tell her you lost your itch.
 what happened to your itch? i lost it two days ago.
 i've been faking it so i wouldn't hurt her feelings.
 well you should tell her.
 i'll let her down easy.
 all right.
 s something i have to tell you.
 what? uh, well, there's someone else.
 someone else? yeah, yeah, yeah who is she? her.
 her? yeah, there she is.
 that's my gal.
 you're a liar.
 i've seen her in here before.
 she's not your girlfriend.
 now olive, look, i'm sorry.
 why is she wearing her underwear? well, it's the style.
 re gonna go for a drive now.
 she really loves that.
 did you ever solve the riddle of the pie? no.
 that's one for the ages.
 but i think they're gonna put poppie away for a long long time.
 you guys are not gonna believe this.
 i just got a letter from a friend of mine in chicago who was shopping, and she said she saw a mannequin that looked just like me.
 what if there're more.
 where are they coming from? ricky, we've been getting a tremendous response to your tr- mannequin.
 tr- ? i prefer to think of her as elaine.
 it's just not good, it's not good.
it's not good.
i'm bored.
 she's boring, i'm boring, we're both boring.
 we got out to eat, we both read newspapers.
well at breakfast everybody reads.
no.
 lunch we read, dinner we read.
you read during lunch?yaoh, well.
there's nothing to talk about.
ya, what's there to talk about.
well at least you and i are talking about how there's nothing to talk about.
why don't you talk to her about how there's nothing to talk about?she knows there is nothing to talk about.
at least you'll be talking.
oh shut up.
hey, look who's here.
hey, al.
hey, al.
 how's it going? so how about you?oh i'm seeing someone, yes.
 you know her, daphne bower.
great girl.
we have no need to speak.
 we communicate with deep soulful looks.
like dwight and mamie eisenhower.
 oh did you hear about fulton?ya.
i went by the hospital to see him a few days ago d really like you to come visit.
me?ya, he said he could use a good laugh.
what about me? this is my stop.
 uh see ya.
yaya, see ya.
deeply in love.
 if you can't say anything bad about a relationship, you shouldn't say anything at all.
 ya.
i didn't even know fulton was in the hospital.
could use a good laugh.
 you know what kind of pressure that is? come on, come with me.
na no, i'm not good in these situations.
 i can't hide my pity.
 i i make em feel worse.
oh, stop it.
ya and also i'm afraid that people in that state are finally going to tell me what they really think of me.
 you know they got nothing to lose what do they care?so you're not gonna come?no but say hello for me.
hey!hey! hey mick.
hey jerry.
what's doing?nothing, what's doing with you?same old, same old.
george this is mickey.
hi, nice to meet you.
pleasure.
how's work going you guys?lets not even talk about it.
 you got a job?ya, mickey.
 he hooked me up.
 we're stand-ins for the actors on all my children.
 mickey, he's a stand-in for an eight year old kid and i stand in for the kids father.
 m gonna be out on my ass doing that para-legal crap.
how do you stop a kid from growing? i told you, you should offer him some cigarettes.
i offered him cigarettes, t let him have any.
 what about lifts? out of the question.
 t you just switch with another midget? s little people, you got that?easy mickey, easy.
yap alright we gotta get back to the show.
 what are you guys doing?i'm going to the hospital, to visit fulton.
 oh, oh well say hello for me.
now look, we're going to stop at the shoe maker right now.
 you gotta get some lifts for your shoes.
lifts?! look kramer you don't understand, this kind of thing is just not done.
you wanna keep your job don't you?ya but yah! no butskramer yaaaaah!hey, woahoh fulton.
 it's me.
hey jerry, good to see ya.
 i could really use a good laugh.
who couldn't.
i haven't cracked a smile in months.
oh don't worry, you'll crack.
 cracking's inevitable, first you crack then you chuckle.
 that was the motto with the russians at the caesar leningrad first you crack then you chuckle.
 t a good time for a visit.
it's a fine time.
oh, alright ah well there's a priest, a minister and a rabbi, and they're all staring at him .
 so how were the eggs?eggs are eggs.
 listen dophne daphne.
daphne.
 i have to tell you something, this is very difficult  oh, i forgot to tell you.
 al netchie called me today.
ya, ya.
 i bumped into him on the bus.
 what did he have to say?he told me not to get involved with you.
what?ya, he said you could never make a commitment to any one and you'd just wind up hurting me.
he said that? what a nerve.
 how dare he say something like that.
is it true?of course not.
 i mean sure, there may have been one or two occasions in the past, when i may have reacted in uh impulsive or somewhat immature manner, but those days are well behind me.
how long are you going to be away for daddy?i'm not really going away, i told you, i'll be back every other weekend.
don't go daddy, don't go.
now porter, you know your mother and i love you very much, but sometimes people fall out of love.
 now give me a big hug.
 s your scene.
 stand-insyoalright you guys get on their spots so we can fix the lights.
 s good work.
 how long you going to be away for daddy? d be back every other weekend.
 t go.
now listen porter, you know your mother and i love you very much.
 but sometimes people fall out of love.
 now give me a big hug.
ah! ok everybody that's lunch one hour.
how do those lifts feel?quiet.
hi guys.
hey tammy.
hey, you look different.
 have you been working out? not that i know of.
well whatever it is you're doing, keep doing it you look great.
how about lunch?oh i can't today, but um i see it our future.
 see ya kramer.
ya.
bye mickeyooo she likes you buddy ya!all of a sudden.
what?hey mick.
how you doin johnny?what gives what's going on? goin out with tammy?maybe.
 what's it to you?somethin different about you.
i got my hair cut that's all nah, that's not it.
 something else ya you look different.
you don't, you got the same ugly mug since the day i met ya.
i don't know what it is, but i'll find out.
 ll find out.
 so uh she's just sitting there and a uh packyderm, you remember the derm.
 he says uh, i'm gonna go up to her.
 so we uh he uh picks up the two pieces of it was really really funny.
hey jerry.
hey phil how you doing?you look terrific.
i got my health.
well, that's the most important thing.
 s he doing? he could use a couple laughs.
you should have told that story about packyderm dropping the pizza.
i told it.
 ya? yaya.
 hey you know what as i was leaving i bumped into phil titola.
 he is one of the greatest guys.
do i know him?no, but i'll tell you something.
 of all the guys i know, i could envision you going out with him.
if you were a woman would you go out with him?if i was a woman i'd be down at the dock waiting for the fleet to come in.
 ya, i bet you would.
 alright, give him my number.
alright.
this you are not going to believe.
 al netchie, that pimple.
 tells daphne, not get this not to get involved with me.
'what?ya.
 that's what she told me.
why?because he's afraid she's gonna get hurt.
is she?of course.
so?wa he doesn't have to tell her.
maybe he likes her.
oh no no no.
 he's deeply in love, and i was just about to break up with her when she told me.
so what are you gonna do?well i can't break up with her now.
why?because he said i was going to.
so now you're going to keep going out with her, for spite?yes, i am.
ya, i could see that.
i don't see any way around it.
no, me either.
what choice do i have?none.
fulton's wife told me it's all my fault.
 she said since my visit he's taken a turn for the worse.
did you tell him the packyderm story? yes i told him the packyderm story!maybe i outta go over there.
towards what end?i'm very good with sick people.
 they love me.
 when my friend len nicodemo had the gout, i moved into his hospital room for three days, the doctors were amazed at his recovery.
hey.
hey mick.
 johnny vigiano went through my locker.
yaoh! t pushed me to get those things.
 i told you.
hey, nobody put a gun to your head.
ya well just keep out of my business you big ape.
 who you calling big ape? you   ya.
i'm sorry kramer.
no no it's alright, it's alright.
 you're stressed oout! why does this guy johnny have it in for you?oh, he's always been jealous of me.
 i always get to stand in for the bigger stars; the cosby kids, ricky schroder, macaulay culkin.
 s he like huh?he's a good kid.
ya?so what does he care if you put lifts in?you don't understand.
 there's an unwritten code about this kind of thing.
 i could be ostracized.
 i remember when i was a kid, some guy tried to heighten.
 he lost his job, lost his friends, everything.
 oh, i knew i was crazy to try this kind of thing, but i was so desperate.
 what is this kid taking anyway? hormones? steroids? would you tell me!?george, tomorrow's sunday.
 we could sleep late, and get the paper and half breakfast and spend the morning together, go for a long walk, maybe do a little shopping, have lunch  m going to be able to stay over tonight.
why not?i, i really should go home.
 ya actually i'm planning on spending the day with my father tomorrow re going to a father-son picnic, just the two of us.
i thought we were going to spend the day together.
well dad's been planning this for such a long time, he bought a new blanket, and he got tha that game with foam paddles and the velcro ball.
 have you given any more thought to what we talked about? you know, moving in?yes, oh yes very much.
maybe you don't want to move in.
no, no i do.
 you know it's just  t have gotten involved with you.
 s gonna do with all that potato salad.
 the pizza, you know ah.
 and then they go flying out of  m peeing in my pants.
 and the whole place went crazy.
oh, i'm sorry, oh.
 what a story.
i know, i know, i was unbelievableoh that is one of the funniest stories i've ever heard.
 i know.
well this has been one hell of a night.
oh, i'm sorry jerry didn't suggest this sooner.
you know, you really are beautiful elaine.
oh, well, good night.
good night?well  hey.
hello.
so?what?come on.
 how was your date?oh, the date.
 the date.
ya how was it?interesting.
really.
oh ya.
why what happened?let's see, how shall i put this.
just put it.
he took it out.
 he what?he took it out.
he took what out?it.
he took it, out?yessiree bob.
he couldn't.
he did.
 well you were involved in some sort of amorous noooo.
you mean he justyes.
are you sure?oh quite.
there was no mistaking it? jerry.
so you were talking, then all of sudden yea.
it.
it.
out.
out.
well i, i can't believe this.
 i know phil, he, he's a good friend of mine.
 we play softball together.
 how could this be?oh it be.
 you got any other friends you want to set me up with?hey.
 hey how was your date with phil titola? he took it out.
maybe uh, it needed some air.
 you know sometimes they need air, they can't breathe in there.
 it's in human.
so she's just sitting there, she's having a pleasant conversation and all of a sudden.
it.
it.
out.
out.
 alright, hey come on, get out of here, dophne gonna be here any minute.
alright i'm going.
you know what i've come to realize? i'm not just bored.
 i genuinely dislike her.
well how long you are going to keep this up?hey i'll get married if i have to.
 al netchie will think twice before he opens his mouth about me again.
you know george they are doing wonderful things at mental institutions these days.
 i'd be happy to set-up a meet and greet.
i'm very disappointed to here you talk like that.
 you still don't know what makes me tick.
yes i do.
what are you doing?i'm going to the hospital to see fulton.
 i'm not even saying hello, i'm going right into material.
ah hey jer.
oh hey phil.
you know i'm sorry things didn't work out with elaine.
 i don't know what i did wrong.
well, y you showed her who you are.
oh, look at this, what she's got to breast feed in public.
ya, that's the last thing you want to see.
 well, next to last.
i'll see ya.
ya take it easy.
 hey how ya doing? good to be here.
rock, paper, scissors match.
alright, rock beats paper.
i thought paper covered rock?nah, rock flies right through paper.
what beats rock? nothing beats rock.
alright come on.
rock, paper, scissors match.
rock.
rockrock, paper, scissors match.
rock.
rock.
hey bob.
 what's with you? you gotta problem?  alright, come on.
rock, paper, scissors match.
rock.
rock.
hey tammy.
hello.
so tammy, finally, today's our big lunch.
i don't think so.
why not? what the hell are you talking about?look mickey, everybody knows that you're heightening.
 it's all over the set.
wait, wait  t touch me.
 you ought to be ashamed of yourself.
 all the progress we made over the years and you go and blow it by pulling a stupid stunt like this.
wait a second, wait a second, you got me all wrong.
 it was all because of the kid.
 it was his idea.
come on johnny, let's go get something to eat.
 ah!what?ah!mickey!this guy's belching out vitamins  stop.
 t cover everything? stop.
for crying out loud, he's superman.
 fulton?george, first let me just say i've never been with a guy who was so committed to commit.
 i mean it's so rare in men these days an, that's what makes this all the more difficult.
 difficult?the other day after work some girlfriends and i went to a bar for some drinks and there was this crazy mishap and i wound up meeting someone as a result.
 george  t.
uh, i'm sorry.
 i'm afraid the worst of it is it's someone you know.
 jerry persheck.
packyderm?heh, he was carrying these two pieces of pizza good morning.
good morning.
how'd you sleep?hey, you are the couch tonight, young lady.
 you were all over my side.
i was not!c'mon, i was sleeping with one cheek off the bed!by the way, you know you're falling way behind on the i love you's.
'no, no, - !no, it's - .
i know i can't beat ya, i'm just trying to stay competitive.
alright c'mon, let's get some breakfast.
uh, let me get a coat.
 i think i'll uh try a sport jacket and scarf thing, you know, like an unemployed actor.
 t worn this one in a long time.
ooh, cashmere?no, gore-tex.
 it's new.
 s a picture in here, look at that.
wow, this is really old.
 you don't know whose it is?no, i haven't worn this jacket since i got it back from the dry-cleaner.
 maybe we should ask him.
alright, we'll stop over there.
yeah.
 what do you want to get for breakfast?pancakes.
oh now, c'mon, you know i'm getting pancakes.
i don't know that!but we can't both get pancakes, it's embarrassing.
 it's like one step from the couples who dress alike.
i'll get the short stack.
ah, that's why i love ya.
 - .
 we just got back from breakfast.
 the pancakes were dynamite.
hey, is that my maple syrup? oh, ya.
 you bring your own syrup?got to.
you got a lot to learn about pancakes.
this is my wife.
 she died eight years ago.
 i been looking all over for this!boy, it's a lucky thing i put the jacket on.
 but how did it get in the pocket?well, see here, the chain is broken it must have slipped in when i was, uh oh, wow.
i turned my house upside-down looking for this! it's all i have left of her.
oh, that's so touching.
know what i'm gonna do for you? i'm gonna give you and your family % off all your dry-cleaning from now on.
oh, come on!what are you talkin about?it's silly!hey, forget it!get outta here!it's done!alright.
well, i guess i get it too, because i'm his wife.
i didn't know you were married.
oh yeah uh you've never met my wife, meryl? meryl seinfeld.
sure, you get the discount, too.
you might regret that, because the money my wife spends on clothes i'm taking him to the cleaners!ah - see the sense of humor? c'mere, i'm so nuts about you t walk to get married - you run!oh, hi greg.
haven't seen you in a while.
yeah.
 well, actuall today was the first day i worked out since the central park mini-marathon.
you ran the mini-marathon?no, but i exercised that day.
 well, i-i gotta take off.
yeah, i guess as an airline pilot, you're one of the few people who can say that and mean it.
 um, do you have the time?eleven-thirty.
eleven-thirty?wait-wait, ten-thirty.
 sorry.
oh.
do you have to be somewhere?no.
then what are you doing?i'm just waiting for my friend george, we worked out together.
oh.
 well, it was good seeing you.
yeah, nice to see you, too.
uh, would you, um can i pardon?the syrup.
 would you pass the syrup?oh, you want to try the syrup! can i get you anything else?um, yeah i think my wife and i'll have a little more coffee.
okay.
and a check for my husband.
to my beautiful wife.
to my adoring husband.
adoring? what about handsome?i like adoring.
ya sure, adoring's good for you, what does it do for me? excuse me where did you get that?i, uh well uh, we don't allow any outside syrups, jams or condiments in the restaurant.
 and if i catch you in here with that again i will confiscate it.
well, i-i-i told my wife not to bring it.
really? % off? do i get that, too?no, just meryl.
why, why? why does she get it?because she's my wife! yeh? meh.
 s an amazing way to begin a sentence.
'my wife has an inner ear infection.
'see?i like that! hey look, will you do me a favor? will you take my quilt into the cleaners for me, so i can get the discount too?oh come on, we're gonna start doing this now? i can't be taking all your dry-cleaning in!c'mon, just this one time! it's expensive!alright.
 hey.
 hey elaine, what do you say if neither of us is married in ten years, we get hitched?let's make it fifty.
we're engaged! alright, i'm gonna get my quilt.
 alright, listen to this.
 remember that guy i was telling you about at the health club?the fly-boy.
yeah.
hey, where's george? i thought he was with you.
i waited, he didn't show up.
 anyway, this guy gave me an open-lip kiss.
hmm, so?so? we've always just kind've pecked.
 this one had a totally different dynamic.
really.
yeah.
 i mean, his upper lip landed flush on my upper lip.
 but his lower lip landed well below my rim.
ohhh, moisture?yeah.
 definite moisture.
that's an open-lip kiss, alright.
yeah.
 listen, i think he's giving me a big signal maybe he wants to change our relationship.
 yeah?oh, uh it's george.
hey, what happened to you?nothing little problem.
well, what was it? i mean, i was waiting.
can i come upstairs, please? i mean, maybe he wants to ask me out.
i don't know why you're interested in this guy, he's a jerk.
because, he doesn't pay any attention to me, and uh he ignores me.
yeah, so?i respect that.
 mmm, what happened?nothing, i said it was a little problem.
yeah? what was it?well i was in the locker room showering, and i i had to go, so here we go.
anyway, i think the guy in the shower opposite saw me.
 he gave me a dirty look.
you went in the shower?yeah, so what? i'm not the only one! do you go in the shower?no, never.
do you?i take baths.
well, what was i supposed to do? get out of the shower, put on my bathrobe? go all the way down to the other end? come all the way back?did you ever hear of holding it in?oh, no no, that's very bad for the kidneys.
how do you know?medical journals!do the medical journals mention anything about standing in a pool of someone else's urine?hello.
oh, hi honey.
what are you doing here?i just thought i'd drop off a few things.
oh.
 another quilt? huh? jerry!uncle leo?!hello!hello.
so, if you or your wife want to drop by on wednesday, it should be ready.
your wife?yeah my wife.
what are you talking about?uh i got married.
you got married? i wasn't invited? nobody sends me an invitation?well, it was sudden.
are you ashamed of your uncle? do i embarrass you?no, no, it was a small ceremony.
haven't i always been a good uncle?yes, yes, you have.
who told you when you went to school that you print well?you did, you did.
when he was younger, he had a beautiful penmanship.
 i used to encourage him to print.
i'm a good printer.
i remember your v.
 it was like a perfect triangle.
 whoa, there's my bus! hello! wait!uncle leo, wait!i'm glad you're here.
 this can get really boring.
 do you know where i can get some good olives?i can find out.
would ya?sure.
 s a definite signal.
by the way, you look really great in that leotard.
oh, thanks.
 t like me in this leotard? i look amazing in this leotard.
hey, you know what's weird? i think i had a dream about you last night.
 um, you know greg, i can i have a sip of your water?oh, yeah, sure.
 thanks.
  oh my god.
i'm sorry, what were you saying?oh, it was nothing, for-forget it.
 see that guy right there?yup, you mean him?i caught him urinating in the shower.
 i'm thinking about turning him in, too.
honey? could you get me something to drink?you're right there.
c'mon, i'm sitting! honey, what'd you do with the can opener?i didn't do anything with it.
well, it's not here, it was here yesterday.
it's in the first drawer.
i'm looking in the first drawer.
 it's not here.
yes, it is.
hey i'm not stupid.
 i'm looking in that drawer, there's no can opener.
did i say you were stupid?well, wouldn't i have to be? you tell me there's a can opener in the drawer, i'm looking in the drawer, there's no can opener - what other conclusion could one reach? do you want me to go find it?yes.
 i do.
 you show me where there's a can opener in that drawer.
 m just fighting with my wife.
jerry, we just heard, what's going on?why the hell didn't you tell us?listen, ma it was in here yesterday!yeah, that's what i said!who is she? when did this happen?i told her you'd get married.
 she thought you'd never do it.
morty, you're talking too loud.
i'm not talking loud!you're hurting my eardrum.
well, you must have done something with it!i'm on the phone!is she there? can we talk to her? what's her name?mom, i'm not married.
what?i'm not married!i knew it, i told you!uncle leo said.
i'm just pretending i'm married to get a discount on dry-cleaning.
a discount on dry-cleaning?could you make a little more noise? m gonna have to call you later.
well, i give up.
well, whoopie whoop.
 got any coffee?yeah.
 ll get it! take it easy, why are you so tired?my quilt is still at the cleaners.
 jerry, i can't sleep without my quilt.
 like the other night? i was cold.
 so, last night, i turn up the heat - it's too hot.
 i open up a window - it's too cold.
 t get into a zone!what is that? huh?that?oh, i forgot.
 hey, i'm sorry about all that can opener stuff.
yeah, me too.
 i love you.
i love you.
well, goodnight.
goodnight.
 they could kick me out of the health club if he tells them!so what do you want me to do?talk to him!how can i do that?you said the guy gave you an open-lipped kiss!yes, but then he wiped his hand on the top of the bottle when i offered him water!well, that doesn't mean anything!are you kidding? that's very significant! if he was interested in me, he'd want my germs! he'd just crave my germs!she's right, george.
 bottle-wipe is big.
well, what about the open-lipped kiss? bottle-wipe supercedes it.
yeah, you're right, you're right.
 t you just ask him?george but if i ask him now, i will have no chance of going out with him.
why?i i don't know aha.
 aha.
 could it be because you don't want him to know that you have a friend who pees in the shower, is that it?!no, that's not it!oh, i think it is! i think that's exactly what it is!why couldn't you just wait?i was there! i saw a drain!since when is a drain a toilet?!it's all pipes! what's the difference?!different pipes go to different places! you're gonna mix em up!i'll call a plumber right now! alright, can we just drop all the pee-pipe stuff here?okay! okay! okay, i will talk to him.
 jerry, i think that quilt is ready.
alright.
well, you gotta pick it up for me!alright, i'll pick it up, but it's the last time i'm doin it!i'm so tired!boy, you don't look good.
huh? i don't?no, you look pale.
pale? oh my god i gotta meet anna's parents today! hello? oh, hi honey.
 m sorry i'm sorry, it's not ready yet.
 not ready? it has to be ready! what kind of a business are you running here?who the hell are you? huh, it's not your quilt.
he's a very good friend of mine, he's kind've like an older brother to me when things don't go right, he kinda takes it personally.
well, uh maybe tomorrow.
maybe.
oh, it's okay, it'll be okay.
alright, i'm gonna see you later.
where you goin'?i gotta meet anna's parents today, remember? i look terrible! i'm gonna hit the tanning machines.
i can't believe you still do that.
 you know those things are bad for ya.
hey, that's how i maintain my glow.
i'm goin home.
ya.
excuse me? uh, how much would it cost to clean this?oh, about thirteen dollars.
thirteen? well, i can't afford that.
well, i'm sorry.
hi, greg.
hey, elaine.
 i'll be off in a second.
ok.
 oh, well, it's all yours.
 what happened? did he bring it up?never mind that, look at the signal i just got.
signal? what signal?lookit.
 he knew i was gonna use the machine next, he didn't wipe his sweat off.
 that's a gesture of intimacy.
i'll tell you what that is - that's a violation of club rules.
 now i got him! and you're my witness!listen, george! listen! he knew what he was doing, this was a signal.
a guy leaves a puddle of sweat, that's a signal?yeah! it's a social thing.
what if he left you a used kleenex, what's that, a valentine? now you go up to him and you tell him that if he's thinking of turning me in, that i got the goods on him!no! i won't be a party to this.
so you're gonna let me get suspended for shower urination?okay, i'll talk to him.
 but you're putting me in a very difficult position.
 i won't let you do this!i want to!but it isn't right! i can't.
give me the clothes.
jerry, please.
 what about her?oh, the hell with her.
 no, jerry, please!i'm not gonna let you walk out of my life.
i can't fight you.
 do you want box or hanger?you decide.
 you're really working up quite a sweat today, huh?yeah.
 m gonna talk to her about that guy, you know, we cannot have people like that in here.
are you sure you want to do that?yeah.
 he's disgusting! besides, i'll take any chance i can to talk to her.
you're interested in in her? very.
ah.
 you know, uh i'm engaged.
 oh good, there he is.
 i wanna be able to point him out.
you know, greg, i wouldn't do that if i were you.
why?well, correct me if i'm wrong, but isn't it a violation of club policy to not wipe down a machine after using it?oh, i see you're friends with the urinator, aren't you?yeah, well, at least he had a drain.
here you go, mrs.
 seinfeld with your % discount, it comes to $ .
 .
here you go.
 t mine.
oh, yes it is.
 your husband brought it in himself.
really? that's him! you son of a bitch!i'm sorry.
who is she? i want to know who she is.
it doesn't matter.
 i want a divorce.
a divorce? oh, so you can marry her and give her the discount?yes, that's right.
what happened to us, jerry?i'll tell you what happened.
 we got married.
i'm sorry, uh this is my fault.
 i pushed it on you.
no.
 i guess i just wasn't ready for the responsibilities of a pretend marriage.
goodbye, jerry.
 oh, i forgot this is your maple syrup.
it's alright, i want you to have it.
 okay, thanks.
we'll always have pancakes.
bye, jerry.
 i thought you said you was bringin a white boy home! i don't see a white boy! i see a damn fool!you know their timing couldn't be worse.
is there ever a good time to have your parents stay with you?you don't understand, i haven't been together with rachel for like three weeks.
 first i was on the road, then my parents show up, i'm getting a little uh backed up.
when are they leaving for paris?not for another three days.
what about her place?she lives with her parents.
really? maybe this will become like a cool thing, living with your parents.
 ya, then maybe baldness will catch on.
 this will all be turning your way.
hey believe me, baldness will catch on.
 when the aliens come, who do you think they're gonna relate to? who do you think is going to be the first ones getting a tour of the ship?the baldieshey by the way my parents really want to have your parents over dinner before they leave town.
that's good, then i get the apartment for at least one night.
 you know i'm paying for this whole paris trip it's their anniversary present.
 hey guys.
hey alechey alecthis is joey.
hey joey, how you doin'? m kinda running the local chapter.
 what do you say george?well uh .
 t you like to be a big brother to someone like me? please?well, sure joey, sure, i would be thrilled.
that's great george, thanks a lot i'll get in touch with you.
wouldn't you like to be a big brother  see ya.
what happened?what could i do? did you see the mug on that kid? t you like to pass the ketchup to someone like me? please?hey did you notice they moved where they do the interview on jeopardy now?ya it used to be right in the middle of single jeopardy and now they do it right after single jeopardy.
ya, it's much better isn't it?oh, n-no comparison.
hey, i gotta stop off at the bookstore to pick up my parents one of those french-english dictionaries.
 hey hey hey hey hey hey.
what?your parents are going to paris right?yea?so i tell alec that i have to go to paris for an undetermined amount of time.
 then all i have to do is buy some post cards and have your parents mail them from paris.
what about little joey?who?ah, i think he's probably better off.
i'm trying to get out of this big brother program.
 so when you get to paris em in any mailbox.
but there are no stamps on these.
well no not yet, you gotta buy french stamps ll reimburse you of course.
why are you doing this?he wants this guy to think he's in paris.
why?because george is a deeply disturbed individual.
oh hey, helen uh, could i uh, use some more of your hand lotion?i told you it was good.
  yait's from the saks fifth avenue in miami.
mmm m ever in florida.
ya, or if you're ever on fifth avenue here in new york city, you could get some there.
yasay those are some nice pants.
 i got a pair just like them at home.
well uh that doesn't surprise me, ya i bought these at rudy's.
 it's a used clothing store.
 see when people like you die, the widows they bring in their wardrobes, they make a bundle.
really? my father has a ton of old clothes just sitting up in the attic, y-you think they're worth something?ya if they're vintage, and you're a widow.
what happens if the husband dies after the wife, who brings in the clothing in then?well i suppose the children do.
 yes i suppose they do.
 ll see everybody later.
 hey oo, i just remembered uh my parents really wanna have you guys over for dinner before you leave town.
 what about tonight?tonight?yea they're making paella.
 we have plans.
 what plans? we have plans.
where'd you get plans? we have plans.
well um, what about tomorrow night? maybeok uh, i guess i'll tell them that.
 em our best though.
 ya.
 ll call you later.
ya.
so what plans do you have?noneso how come you're not going over there for dinner?jerry we don't care much for the costanzas'.
we can't stand them.
really? since when?since always.
 we've never liked them.
why?well they're so loud, they're always fighting it's uncomfortable, you never notice?no i notice but they're from your age group i didn't know you could detect abnormal behavior among your own kind.
well we do.
ya?it's us.
u-oh come on up.
 t have a problem with her do you?we adore elaine.
she wants to say hi, she's with her new boyfriend.
what's he like?he's nice, bit of a close talker.
a what?you'll see.
 they're exhausting it's like being in an asylum.
hi.
hello elainethis is aaron.
hello aaronhello.
 so how long you folks in town?oh, three more days, three more days then we're off to paris.
ahwe're going with a select charter group.
i love france, em to ya.
we can't take money.
oh, no, it's a gift.
 from us.
oh, that is soo nice you a good time?no i haven't.
you know i have a friend who works at the metropolitan museum of art.
 how would you like a behind the scenes tour? really, you could do that? easilyi wouldn't be any trouble? of course not.
when would we go?how about right now?i'm readyare you sure?yes.
ok, let me get my coat.
 elaine what do you say?w-well i don't think so aaron, uh, i have plans.
oh.
 how about you jerry?i'm swamped.
you sure? you could examine the art work up close.
maybe i'll try and catch up with you.
  re off.
ok, bye.
bye.
ok buh bye.
 have a good time.
bye.
see everybody later ok.
why would he ask your parents to go to a museum?i don't know.
what is that?maybe he was just trying to be nice.
have you ever heard of anyone doing anything like this?wait a second, he just did me a big favor.
what? he got em out of the house.
what?call rachel.
oh.
  sorry pal, wish i could help you out.
they're not coming?no, they had plans.
how could they have plans?that's what i wanna know.
well what difference does it make? they wouldn't lie to us, they're are dear friends.
what am i supposed to do with all this paella?they said tomorrow, maybe.
maybe?maybe they don't like us.
why wouldn't they like us? again with the pepper? what do you gotta use all the pepper for?ah keep quiet.
what are you trying to set my mouth on fire?i don't know what the reason could be.
 oh, hi, hi.
ah jerry you would not believe the time we had.
aaron is quite the tour guide.
jerry have you ever seen any of those impressionist paintings?oh sure like monet.
don't you think he had to be uh near sighted? i mean know body would paint like that if they could see.
 it's all out of focus.
well he's from the impressionist school, you know like monet, manet, tippi tippi dayday.
i say the guy was painting without his glasses.
 re back.
jerry if you have something to do we could just sit right here and read.
uh haha ya well uh i'm sorry too i'll call you later, ok bye well i should be going.
oh thanks again.
buh bye.
oh you must be kramer ve heard about you.
you must be aaron, i've heard about you.
 well see you later.
yeah.
 byebyeso uh what are you guys doing for dinner?we have no plans.
 s the executive.
now what is executive?the belt-less trench coat.
 my father invented it.
i sure did.
 raincoats were my business.
 the executive was a classic, these haven't been made in twenty years.
why would they? know body bought them then.
he's wearing one.
yea these are a hot item over at rudy's.
you don't say? you know i have boxes of those sitting in my garage in florida?get em up here.
 you give me twenty-five percent i-i'll take care of everything.
you gotta deal.
yaaaa.
this is like the meeting of smith and wesson.
i'll call jack klompus, he's got a key to the garage.
 he can send them overnight delivery.
you're gonna first start shipping boxes? we're leaving for paris in three days.
he'll send them express.
you're crazy.
i'll tell you how crazy i am, i'm gonna pay for this whole trip with these coats.
n-na i'm paying for the trip.
so much the better.
anyway it's kind of a fluke thing but uh i'll be leaving for paris in two days.
 i will send you a postcard when i get there.
paris huh?yea, ya ya know i feel terrible about joey but it's jus it's a great business opportunity.
 i-i don't even know how long i'm gonna be away for.
where will you stay?an apartment complex, the uh the eiffel towers.
 uumm like i said uh you'll be getting a postcard uh in a few days and again i'm sorry.
george, you have no idea how fantastic this is.
fantastic?ya, we've been trying to reunite joey with his father who lives in paris.
 but he's afraid to fly alone, you know he's kinda withdrawn, but he seems to take to you.
 s a perfect solution.
how gee what a coincidence.
and you'll send me a postcard.
helen really seemed to respond to renoir.
 i think she really connected to the way he painted children.
mm hmm.
and that morty, i'll tell ya that guy is full of life.
 he was convinced monet was near sighted.
 i kept telling himaaronyes?uh, let me ask you a question.
 how come you asked mr.
 and mrs.
 seinfeld to go to the museum with you?well, they were in from out of town, i thought they would enjoy it.
uhuh, um you didn't feel uncomfortable spending the whole day at the museum with two complete strangers who were more than twice your age?no, it was fun.
you had fun with mr.
 and mrs.
 seinfeld.
yea, they bought me a coke.
so how'd you come up with the idea for the belt-less trench coat?i came home one night, and i tripped over one of jerry's toys.
 so i took out my belt just to threaten him, and i got a glimpse of myself in the mirror.
how serendipitous.
so that night i cut off the loops and the executive was born.
mmmhe also came up with an idea for a brimless rain-hat but that never materialized.
 s play.
did you call jack klompus yet?i haven't been able to reach him.
 hey i'll call him right now.
ah come on.
just a second.
 jerry have you seen schindler's list?no i haven't seen it yet.
oh you have to go you have toi'm goingyou have took hello jack.
yait's mortywho died?know body died.
 jack i want you to do me a big favor.
 in my garage there are a couple of boxes.
what boxes?i'm gonna explain what boxes.
alright how the hell do i know?anyway there are these three big boxes, you can't miss them.
 i want you to ship them here to new york for me.
i thought you're going to parisi'm still going to paris.
 i got a big deal cooking here.
what's in the boxes?raincoats.
raincoats? s garbage.
i guarantee you doris is not letting him mail those boxes.
when do you want these?send them tomorrow.
you think they're coming tonight?i dunno they said maybe.
of course they're coming, they're leaving soon.
 if they don't come tonight they might not see us.
well they better come, i got all this paella.
i admire morty and helen going to france.
 we should take a trip, maybe a cruise.
yes a cruise, a long cruise, just the two of you.
georgie what were you doing poking around the attic last night?i-i wasn't in the attic.
i heard noise.
maybe it was a mouse.
 re moving!what?i will not tolerate infestation.
you haven't even seen one.
don't you understand the very thought, the very idea, i'll never be comfortable again.
alright frank that's enough.
i guess i've been hanging on to them for so long cuz i couldn't accept the fact that dad was really gone forever uh huh.
they will get a good home won't they?look i gotta be honest with you there's nothing here too spectacular.
oh i beg to differ.
 my father took great pride in his appearance, he was a very handsome man, a casanova really.
i'll give you uh two-hundred dollars for the three boxes.
could you make it two-twenty-five that was his hi-game in bowling.
yea i'm in a good mood here.
thank you.
hey, george what are you doing here?uh, i'm just selling some of dad's things, s what he would have wanted.
oh, i gotcha  ll do.
oh hey guess what.
 morty seinfeld and i are going into business together, selling raincoats.
hey that's swell.
yea we worked it out all over dinner last night.
dinner? ya.
you had dinner with the seinfelds'?yea, last night.
was this something you had planned for a while?no it was a spur of the moment.
 well you know morty likes to fly by the seat of his vintage pants.
 they had plans, they had plans!oooo, boy i've never seen these before well they just came in, part of my spring-time cruise collection.
 two for twenty-five dollars.
oh i'll take these.
alrighthey, remember this raincoat that you sold me?sure that's the executive.
ya, you have any others?i wish, they don't make em anymore.
suppose i told you i had fifty in mint condition, would you be interested?very interestedcuz they're coming in from florida as we speak.
well bring em in.
so you'll buy them?i don't see what would possibly stop me.
aaaa big plans!what are you talking about?mom and pop seinfeldlook i don't know.
alright i happen to know what they did last night, they had dinner with kramer.
oh they were tired it was a last minute thing.
so what's the deal they don't want to have dinner with my parents?that's right.
is there something wrong with my parents?absolutelybecause my parents happen to be two pretty wonderful people.
these the people you currently live with?yes.
uh huhso are they coming tonight or not?look i really don't know what they're plans are.
ok, fine.
 it's going to be very interesting, very interesting if they don't show up tonight.
 you know my mother made all this paella.
what is that anyway?it's a spanish dish.
 it's a moulage of fish, an meat with rice.
 very tasty.
i-i'll tell emhey could you do one other thing for me?name it.
you think your parents would have any objections to taking a little kid to paris with them? so you thought as long as they're mailing postcards, it wouldn't be too much to ask my parents to drag a child who they've never seen, through the streets of paris? t have to mail the postcards.
so where's he taking you?well first we're going to a matin&eacute;e, i'm taking the afternoon off, we're gonna go see my fair lady and they we are gonna go to dinner.
 he knows all these fantastic places.
you are one lucky girl.
 hi aaron.
 hey hihello, hello.
hello elainei was able to finagle two more tickets to my fair lady and i thought why not ask morty and helen.
oh, great.
 s the square footage?you don't mind to you elaine?mind? oh o-of course not.
we can make a whole day of it.
this is some building, harry fleming used to have an office here.
 there was a deli on the first floor.
 you don't get corned beef like that anymore.
 what happened to that deli? t know mr.
 seinfeld re gonna be here any second.
when are they leaving?in two days.
it's been soo long.
i know.
ok, it's only two more days.
right, thursday three o'clock.
 i could have danced all night and still haveooh.
oh hi.
we didn't know you had company.
 oh ya this is rachel.
hi.
hello rachel.
uh we'll come back another time.
what other time?wheneverwhere you goin'?uh we'll drive around for a while.
you don't have a car.
we'll take a bus.
come on stop.
no we don't mindi'll get a book.
no no it's ok, i was just leaving anyway.
o-oh are you sure?yea.
cuz we don't wann  s list later right?definitelyok.
 uh s night meeting you.
nice meeting you.
ok, see you later.
boy that was some show.
what show?'my fair lady'when did you get tickets to see that?aaron surprised us, and elaine came.
oh elaine really? well that sounds interesting.
we saw regis philbin get out of a limousine.
oh.
he looks better on tv.
oh hello?hello jerry,yea.
it's jack klompus.
oh hi jack.
so when are you coming down to florida again?as soon as is humanly possible.
you know i still got that pen, the one that writes upside down.
yea yea ya i shoulda kept it.
so uh where's your father?ya he's right here.
yeamorty, listen i can't get into the garage.
what do you mean?there is something wrong with the key.
 the key doesn't workyou gotta jiggle it a little bit.
 i jiggled it.
 i jiggled it for fifteen minutes.
tell him to come down here and get his own packages.
 you have nothing better to do then worry about his boxes.
you gotta pull on the knob as you turn it.
get the hell outta here with your knob.
what does he want from you?my idiot son could open that garage door.
what did i do?just do it first thing tomorrow.
 i need it.
they'll be here first thing thursday morning.
thursday morning? you know we're leaving at three o'clock.
 clock.
how are you gonna get all this done in time?don't worry about it.
 ya how you gonna get all this done in time?they were drinking champaign in a buggy!first kramer, then elaine?yeait's a slap in the face.
 i want to know what we did them!what are they too good for us? a raincoat salesman, i could buy and sell em like that.
the hell with them.
 the thing that bothers me the most, is the lying.
let's forget about it.
 we're going on a beautiful vacation.
  vacation?you're mother and i are planning on taking a cruise.
 but i can't find any vacation clothes.
 they were in the attic.
the attic? y-you haven't wore any of those clothes for years.
how can i go on a cruise with out my cabana wear? i love those, those clothes.
  s the remote.
 where the hell are my clothes? i love those clothes.
lousy moth ridden crap.
hey.
hey, jerry.
so how was the movie?oh, really good, really good.
and didn't the three hours go by just like that like that what about the end, with the list?ya that was some list.
what did you think about the black and white? the black and white.
the whole movie was in black and white.
oh yea, i didn't even realize.
you don't even think about it, there's so much going on.
ya ya, i tell ya i could see it again.
so klompus has the key, but the jerk couldn't open it up.
 all you gotta do it jiggle it jigg jigg jiggle reigglelook, i find this whole thing very uninteresting.
 when you get the coats come in.
hey what again?i'm trying to buy some of the clothes back.
 hey you wanna come over for dinner tonight? my mother made all this extra paella.
paella, ya i'll be there.
apparently the seinfelds are too good for us.
 i shouldn't say anything bad about your uh your partner.
no no you know we're not partners.
 i only get twenty-five percent.
twenty-five percent? it was your idea.
yap i know.
you're doing all the leg work.
that's righthe's ripping you offyou're right he's ripping me offif anybody should be getting more it's you.
he's ripping me offwell don't let him take advantage of you like that.
yah!  re the one who sold me the moth ridden cabana crap.
you know i've been thinking, why is kramer getting twenty-five percent?well he told you about the place.
so what, why is that worth twenty-five percent? it's a finders fee.
 you know what a finders fee is?you find something you get a fee.
finder's fee is ten percent and no more.
well it's too late now.
those are my coats.
 i saved them, i stored them, i've been waiting years for this pay off.
well you're not gonna say anything.
i've been thinking about something.
ya so have iahh! i don't think the deal is fair.
you don't think it's fair.
no no, i found the place, i set the whole thing up, i'm doing all the leg work.
what leg work?oh, there's leg work.
if anything you're getting too much.
too much?!that's right, they're my coats.
look i want thirty-five percent.
i'm thinking more like fifteen.
no way i'm taking fifteen.
well you're not getting thirty-five.
alright let's compromise.
 twenty-five percent.
ok it's a dealmoths are a discourage to my business, all it takes is one moth to lay eggs.
 you know what happens to the larvae? they hatch and they're everywhere.
i'm sorry, umm he-here's your money back ll have the clothes.
 s already put a dent in my fumigation bill.
so uh where are the clothes?i burned em.
oh.
 that's good.
n-i know they're your parents jerry an they're very nice people.
 but don't you think it's odd, that a thirty-five year old man is going to these lengths to see that someone else's parents are enjoying themselves? i mean don't you find that abnormal?it is a tad askew.
i mean they're your parents and you don't do anything.
 so why is this stranger doing it?i've hardly been out to dinner with them.
see, see, i can't even say anything you know because all he's really doing is being nice but but know body is this nice, this is like certifiably nice.
you're right he's insane.
yes, he's insane, that's what i think.
so what are you going to do?i don't know, i don't know what to do.
 oh god .
 so how was the movie?uh from what i saw it was pretty good.
ya what do you mean from what you saw?well i um i didn't ah actually get to see the whole movie.
yea why not?i was kind of um making out.
 s list?i couldn't help it.
 we hadn't been alone in a long time, it just got the better of me.
during schindler's list? re both living with our parents.
did anybody see you? did anyone say anything?no i don't think so.
 i saw newman as i was leaving but see me.
oh.
hello mrs.
 seinfeld uh ah wonderful, we went to the theater last night.
oh the theater.
 because i was wondering.
wondering what?why i didn't see you at schindler's list with jerry.
well we already saw it.
oh, well it's a good thing for jerry that you didn't go.
 why is that?well he really seemed to have his hands full if you know what i mean.
i'm afraid i don't.
him and his little buxom friend rachel were going at it pretty good in the balcony.
what?what, do i have to spell it out for ya? he was moving on her like the storm-troopers into poland.
jerry was necking during schindler's list?yes! a more offensive spectacle i cannot recall.
 anyway i just really came up to get some detergent.
jerry sends his laundry out.
 hi what? what did i do?how could you?how could i what?you were making out during schindler's list?what? no.
don't lie jerry.
 newman.
how could you do such a thing?i couldn't help it.
 we hadn't been alone together in a long time and we just kinda started up a little during the coming attractions and the next thing we knew, the war was over.
 hello.
hello jerry, it's jack klompus.
hang on a second.
 s klompus.
hellohello morty, listen that key doesn't work.
 it's no good.
you didn't get in?oh i got in, i had to break the window with a rock and then i got my hand all cut up reaching in.
you broke the window?he broke the window?you wanted those damn boxes didn't you? he should be on his hands and knees thanking you.
did you send them?yea, they'll be there tomorrow afternoon, two o'clock.
tomorrow afternoon?tomorrow afternoon?tomorrow afternoon?i told you to send them express.
w-well it was ten dollars cheaper in the afternoon than the morning, i figured what the hell's the difference.
so what did you do about the window?i gotta fix your window now?alright alright, goodbye.
 t think we are gonna make that flight.
w-what do you mean you're not making the flight?we have to make the flight, we're with a charter group.
 if we don't the trip is off.
well what's the difference we'll go some place else.
some place else? what about paris?you don't understand, i've come this far, i can't stop now.
i can't believe that you're doing all this just to sell some stupid raincoats.
you don't understand fashion is cyclical this thing could come back.
i think you're out of your mind.
i just don't understand how all those clothes can disappear.
moths?moths, ate three boxes?well you know what happens with larvae hatch, they-they're everywhere.
you know, i was thinking today.
 i never liked those seinfelds anyway, he's an idiot all together.
 s kramer.
 hello?hello hope you're hungry.
 ooo paellahey uh let me take you're coat.
 oh ya thanks buddy.
that shirt, where'd you get that shirt?wha?that's my cabana shirt, you stole my shirt you son of a bitch! gimme that back woahdad?! i bought it from rudy.
rudy?! that skunk, i knew he didn't burn those clothes.
who's rudy? what clothes?i sold your clothes yesterday.
you sold my clothes what do you mean you sold my clothes?i didn't think you wore them anymore.
it's cruise wear!kramer, i love that shirt.
yayathat's because it's mine!!you look just like frank, on our honeymoon.
oh, well, thank you.
who's this rudy?well rudy's the guy buying morty's raincoats.
morty seinfeld? he's a bum.
well, the whole deal going down tomorrow.
 morty's gonna miss his plane for it.
missing his plane? wasn't that a charter flight?yea.
what happens to charter tickets when you don't use em?well i suppose they are wasted.
yes i suppose they are.
tomorrow i'm going straight down to this rudy and get my clothes.
a mouse!you want the tickets?yes.
you're gonna take this kid to paris?hey i get a free trip to paris, i go in the big brother's hall-of-fame, i mail my own postcards.
you know i'm paying for these tickets.
it's alright, i got lunch.
oh, you should have gone to the costanzas for dinner.
 mmm the paella was magnificent.
 have you ever had really good paella?not really.
oh it's a orgiastic feast for the senses.
 the want and the festival, the sites, sounds, and colors an mmmummumm mummhey dad are you sure we are at the right carousel?this is it.
so how much are we gonna make?take it easy, i've been through a million of these negotiations.
wha two thousand? three thousand?that's giving it away.
 this is a one of a kind item.
more? more than three thousand?just watch me do my thing.
say dad, t that one of yours?look at this.
 look at how this idiot packed it.
 he didn't tape it, he just flipped the flaps.
 kramer you missed a couple.
bon-jour, welcome to the gateway to paris charter flight.
 t that your charter group?honesty, hard-work, these are the values that i was raised on.
 the most important thing joey, is to be able to look yourself in the mirror before you go to sleep at night.
hey! i got news for you four eyes, there's no way you're staying with us in paris.
you burned them? those clothes are not yours to burn.
who are you anyways?i'm the father.
he said his father was dead.
he said i was dead?that's right.
 squeezed an extra twenty-five dollars out of me.
that's what my life is worth to him? twenty-five dollars.
hey, frank!oh, i just want to you know i'm retracting our dinner invitation.
well you don't have to retract it because we never went.
i'm retracting that it was ever offered.
i retract your retraction.
oh, you trying to unload some of that junk of yours?would you excuse me please, we're conducting business here.
you can keep your raincoats.
 i'm not interested.
i thought we had a deal?that's another one of my shirts!!i'm not buying anymore clothes from anyone off the street.
who's off the street? i'm in the raincoat business for thirty-five years.
ya how do i know there aren't moths like his stuff?my clothes don't have moths!because of his moths you're not buying my raincoats?that's right.
 flight- now boarding for miami, gate a.
 flight- now boarding.
ok, let's go.
 it was so nice of you to come to the airport to see us off.
are you sure you can't stay a little longer?no.
ah, good-bye.
good-byetake carealright jer.
nice to see buh bye elainebuh bye.
buh bye.
 ll call you when we get home.
thank you.
i think she meant me, but.
make sure kramer uses good tape when he sends back the raincoats.
ok.
bye.
bye.
aaron? aaron are you ok?i could've done more.
 i could've done so much more.
you did enough.
 ve called the travel agency, got them on another flight to paris, i coulda got them out.
you tried aaron, it was too expensive.
 why? ll get dehydrated on the plane! get the seinfelds some water.
 please! please!hi mr.
 goldstein is rachel home?i'm afraid rachel's not going to be able to see you tonight, or any other night for that matter.
why what did i do? rachel! good night!rachel!so my parents get home, they open the door, my father flicks the light on, the whole place is cleaned out, everything.
aahh, get out! how did it happen?the broken window, klompus never fixed it.
 they just walked right in.
oohh, boy.
 they could use a vacation.
yea they're taking one, the travel agent is trying to set something else up for them.
 so how about that aaron?whewyou know what drove me crazy about him? did you ever notice that he stood too close to you when he talked?no i hadn't noticed.
 pair of bear claws please.
 hiya newman.
 hello jerry.
say, i happened to catch you coming out of schindler's list the other night.
ohh, were you there?yes i was.
 s a powerful film.
yes, shocking brutality don't you think? shocking.
yes, well that was nothing.
 jerry! jerry!where the hell is your father?!this is the best thing we ever did.
i just hope those exterminators know what they're doing.
ah forget about them let's just these are great! just great! really great! really, really great! don't you think so, elaine?yeah, really great.
oh, a coffee table book about coffee tables! how did you come up with this idea?it was there!oh, look at this one! it's saying, i'm a coffee table, put some coffee on me! oh, the hotter the better, that's what i'm here for! you know actually, i've got some work i gotta do, so hey, how about if the book came with these little fold-out legs so the book itself becomes a coffee table?ohhh, that is a great idea! really, really great!'oooh, and that coffee table is saying, put some coffee on me! i'd like to put some coffee on her.
 hot, scalding coffee - right in her face! i swear! this is like working with a contestant from the price is right'! yeah, that's real interesting.
 elaine, listen, tell me if you think this is funny - yeah, it's funny, i dunno.
you don't know? come on, that's gold!well, i don't know about gold.
'oh, that's gold, baby.
'baby'? what, are you doing george now?i was saying baby way before george!well, i don't know, don't ask me any more questions about jokes, jerry, it just puts too much pressure on me.
well, this guy leonard christian's gonna be there tomorrow night.
yeah, who's he?he's a writer from entertainment weekly .
 i would like to have a good show.
danke schoen, my little dumplings.
hi.
hey, how about that toby, huh?yeah, how about her?ooh, she's a package full of energy!yeah, she's a package full of something.
yeah, and that something is life.
 jerry, you gotta meet this gal - she's brimmin with positivity!oh, pleeeeease.
 hey, are you performing tomorrow?yeah.
great, i'm gonna bring toby.
well, you better laugh cause i'm being reviewed.
 leonard christian's gonna be there.
oh, she's a great laugher - right, elaine?oh yeah, she's a great laugher, jerry.
 really, really great!well, you want to sit with george? i think he's coming with robin.
is that the waitress from the comedy club?yeah.
oh.
what about her kid, is she bringing him, too?she's got a kid?yeah, you should see george get along with this kid!ow! what are you doing under there? hey, stop that! don't eat that! that's not food! down equal packets!do you think kids is too much? kids for his birthday party? so, what about entertainment? should i get barney?no barney!maybe a clown.
how about bozo?who's bozo?who's bozo? bozo the clown, that's who bozo is.
 when i was a kid, bozo the clown was the clown, bar none.
george with the orange hair, and the big clown shirt with the ruffles george he had a tv show! he had cartoons!george! forget bozo, george.
 bozo's out.
 he's finished.
 it's over for bozo.
you know, when i was a kid, we didn't have these elaborate birthday parties w-with catered food and entertainment.
 i remember my th birthday party blow out the candles! blow out the candles, i said! blow out the damn candles!stop it, frank! you're killing him!blow out the candles!!well, this time, you can blow out the candles.
nah, i have asthma.
 hi!hi, toby.
how are you doing today?fine how are you?oh, i'm great! just great.
 really great! oh, hey - did you hear about bob rosen?nope.
he is going to knopp.
 he is going to be a vice president.
knopp? really? boy.
 that means there's an opening here for senior editor has lippman, uh, hired anyone?no.
 i hear he wants to promote someone in-house.
really!?maybe it'll be you!oh well you really deserve it.
 i mean, you have experience, seniority lippman really respects your opinion well! well, it could be you.
no no, really.
really? you think so?sure.
boy, wouldn't that be exciting!i mean, stranger things have happened wow! me! a senior editor! d like that.
well, you shouldn't get your hopes up, toby.
well, it's a possibility, like you said! stranger things have happened! thank you, elaine.
 thank you.
 hey, ronnie.
hey.
 on tonight?yeah.
 you?yeah.
you know leonard christian's here?yeah, i know.
can i ask you something? are my nostrils getting bigger? t think so.
are you sure? take a good look.
 they seem a little bigger?i don't i dunno.
is it possible for nostrils to expand?oh, is this a bit?hey, i don't do bits.
 i'm a prop comic.
 dammit, i can't find my water gun.
 i can't go on without my water gun.
hey, jerry.
 hey.
well here's toby, jerry.
this is so exciting! look, i have goosebumps! ve never been to a comedy club before!really! you know, a lot of restaurants are serving brewed decaf now, too.
you are so funny!oh, you'll have a good time, i swear.
oh! he swears like he thinks i don't believe him.
 i believe you.
 i believe you! oh, he's so funny! what about me?what about you? re funny, too.
 i love to laugh.
good, good.
so, you up next?yeah, why don't you guys get a table so you'll have good seats?oh yeah, we don't want some jerk sitting in front of us, it'll be like, hey, big head, can you move out of the way? i didn't pay a cover charge to stare at your bald spot.
 alright, so you have a good show, huh buddy?yeah.
oh, have a great show.
 hey, we'll make sure it's a great show!o.
k.
, good, i'll see you later.
 oh, he's so great! this is so great! i'm so excited!men definitely hit the remote button more than women oh, really! really! that is so true!yes, yeah see, men don't care what's on tv, men only care what else is on tv.
yes! yes! right on! right on! see women really want to see what the show is before they change the channel oh, that is so true, yes! that's why men hunt and women nest.
boo! boo! hiss! boo! yea, ya, so anyway what was i talking about.
hey.
hey, what's the deal? what was goin on there? i invite you down here, i have an important show, and she heckles me?!look, she didn't mean anything.
well, what is the matter with her? is she crazy?!she's just being enthusiastic, that's all!hey! what is wrong with you?!me? nothing's wrong with me.
y-you boo me?! you hiss?! you didn't stop blathering throughout the whole set!oh, come on! i thought you're a pro! that's part of the show.
no! not part of the show! booing and hissing are not part of the show! you boo puppets! you hiss villains in silent movies!well, that's the way i express myself.
 how are you gonna make it in this business if you can't take it?oh, i can take it.
let's go.
 hey, man.
 good set.
bozo?no.
b-o-z-o?sorry, i you've never heard of bozo the clown?no!how could you not know who bozo the clown is?i don't know, i just don't.
how can you call yourself a clown and not know who bozo is?hey, man - what are you hassling me for? this is just a gig, it's not my life.
 i don't know who bozo is, what - is he a clown?is he a clown? what, are you kidding me!?well, what is he?yes, he's a clown!alright, so what's the big deal! there's millions of clowns!alright, just forget it.
me forget it? you should forget it! you're livin in the past, man! you're hung up on some clown from the sixties, man!alright, very good, very good go fold your little balloon animals, eric.
 eric! what kind of name is that for a clown, huh?excuse me you must be george! i'm robin's mother.
 oh, you seem like such a lovely young man!well, i do what i can.
 hi mom, how's everything?oh, this is just a wonderful party!the burgers should be ready in a minute.
ah, great, great.
 fire! fire! get out of the way!it was an inferno in there! an inferno! there he is! that's him! that's the coward that left us to die!i was trying to lead the way.
 we needed a leader! someone to lead the way to safety.
but you yelled get out of my way'!because! because, as the leader if i die then all hope is lost! who would lead? the clown? instead of castigating me, you should all be thanking me.
 what kind of a topsy-turvy world do we live in, where-where heroes are cast as villains? brave men as cowards?but i saw you push the women and children out of the way in a mad panic! i saw you knock them down! and when you ran out, you left everyone behind!seemingly.
 seemingly, to the untrained eye, i can fully understand how you got that impression.
 what looked like pushing what looked like knocking down was a safety precaution! in a fire, you stay close to the ground, am i right? and when i ran out that door, i was not leaving anyone behind! oh, quite the contrary! i risked my life making sure that exit was clear.
 any other questions?how do you live with yourself?its not easy.
so she doesn't want to see me anymore.
did you knock her over too, or just the kids?no, her too.
 and her mother.
really? her mother.
yeah.
 i may have stepped on her arm, too, i don't know.
you probably couldn't see because of the smoke.
yeah.
 but it was somebody's arm.
hmm.
 so you feel women and children first, in this day and age, is somewhat of an antiquated notion.
to some degree.
so basically, it's every man, woman, child, and invalid for themselves.
in a manner of speaking.
yeah, well, it's honest.
yeah.
 she should be commending me for treating everyone like equals.
well, perhaps when she's released from the burn center, she'll see things differently.
perhaps.
so, what was the fire? just a couple of greasy hamburgers?yeah.
 eric the clown put it out with his big shoe.
by the way, did you see this? what's that?it's the leonard christian article about my show.
 plus my gig in miami got cancelled, i betcha it's because of the article.
wow, he really does a number on you.
 i should have let her have it! i held back because of kramer.
you know what you oughta do.
 you should go to her office and heckle her.
yeah, right.
you know, like all the comedians always say, how would you like it if i came to where you work and heckled you?'yeah, that'd be something.
i'm not kidding, you should do it.
but wouldn't that be the ultimate comedian's revenge? i've always had a fantasy about doing that.
well, go ahead! do it!why can't i?no reason!you know what? i think i'm gonna do that! she came down to where i work, i'll go down to where she works!this is unprecedented!there's no precedent, baby!what are you using my babies now?hey, nice shoes.
 what, you wear sandals to work? it's always nice to walk into a room and get the aroma of feet.
 that's real conducive to the work atmosphere.
 i'm sure your co-workers really appreciate it.
 hey, let's go eat in toby's office.
 great idea! we can check on her bunions!'you know, i have work to do here! i'm very busy!oh, is this disruptive? you find it hard to work with someone interrupting?well, how would you like it if i called security?security? well, i don't know how you're gonna make it in this business if you can't take it! ya gotta be tough! booo! boooo!no, get out of the way.
hey, what's going on?boo!what's happenin here?hiss! toby! toby! my pinky toe! oh, oh!what did you go up there to heckle her for?because she came down to the club and heckled me! give her a taste of her own medicine! oh, yeah! you gave her a taste of medicine, alright.
well, i didn't want her to have an accident.
what accident?well, after he heckled toby, she got so upset, she ran out of the building and a street sweeper ran over her foot and severed her pinky toe.
that's unbelievable!yeah! then after the ambulance left, i found the toe! so i put it in a cracker jack box, filled it with ice, and took off for the hospital.
wha you ran?no, i jumped on the bus.
 i told the driver, i got a toe here, buddy - step on it.
'holy cow!yeah, yeah, then all of a sudden, this guy pulls out a gun.
 well, i knew any delay is gonna cost her her pinky toe, so i got out of the seat and i started walking towards him.
 he says, where do you think you're going, cracker jack? i said, well, i got a little prize for ya, buddy - - knocked him out cold!how could you do that?!then everybody is screamin, because the driver, he's passed out from all the commotion the bus is out of control! so, i grab him by the collar, i take him out of the seat, i get behind the wheel and now i'm drivin the bus.
you're batman.
yeah.
 yeah, i am batman.
 then the mugger, he comes to, and he starts chokin me! so i'm fightin him off with one hand and i kept drivin the bus with the other, y'know? then i managed to open up the door, and i kicked him out the door you know with my foot, you know - at the next stop.
you kept makin all the stops?well, people kept ringin the bell!well, wha-what about the toe? what happened to the toe?well! i am happy to say that the little guy is back in place at the end of the line.
you did all this for a pinky toe?well, it's a valuable appendage.
so, kramer found the toe, and they re-attached it.
really.
yea, poor kid.
 what an ordeal.
and you know how extremely sensitive she is?i know.
she's gonna need our full support.
yeah, right.
look who's here! toby! toby, what can i do? can i get you something?oh no, no thank you.
toby please let us help.
 we're family.
oh well, i could use some coffee.
she got the promotion?yep.
why?i'll tell ya why.
 because of her pinky toe, that's why.
 because lippman felt so sorry for her, he didn't want to hurt her feelings.
too bad.
sure, the pinky toe is cute! but, i mean, what is it? it's useless! it does nothing.
 it's got that little nail that is just impossible to cut.
 what do we need it for?because elaine, that's the one that goes wee-wee-wee all the home.
'why don't you just shut the f-hey elaine, did you hear the good news? toby got promoted!yes, i heard, kramer - i work there, remember??yeah, and you know what she told me? she said her first order of business is to put my coffee table book into the bookstores as soon as possible.
oh, wonderful!you know, throughout this whole thing, she always kept a smile on her face.
oh, of course! she's deranged.
i went down to the magazine, i pleaded with him to come and see me again, finally he agreed to come down tonight, and he's going to write another article.
i heard you went down to somebody's office and heckled them?damn right! we've been lapdogs long enough!how could you do that? i mean, everybody's talking about it.
yeah well, it's about time one of us drew a line in the sand.
jerry, you're like rosa parks.
 you opened the door for all of us.
 i can't wait till the next time someone heckles me.
yeah, well, it won't be long.
ladies and gentlemen, please welcome jerry seinfeld!gotta go.
 robin? robin!george, what is it? i'm working.
robin, listen to me.
 the most amazing thing has happened.
 kramer has opened my eyes.
 i think i've changed.
what are you talking about?o.
k .
 i mean, bozo the clown i mean does he really need the clown in his title, as clown? bozo, the clown? are we going to confuse him with bozo the district attorney? bozo the pope? there's no other bozo  you'll see, things will be different now - if you just give me one more chance.
l-listen, listen i gotta think about this.
 alright, but i'm serious about this.
alright, hand it over man! that's why men hunt and women nest.
he's got a gun! he's got a gun! get out of the way! george! this is ronnie kaye!the prop comic? t recognize you, what did you get a haircut?nostrils.
george - could i have a word?all right, get off at the next exit.
kramer, i've driven to east hampton many times, i know the exit.
it's a great house, pool, sun deck? yeah, i'll be there.
 the right move?we gotta see the new baby anyway, at least we'll get a weekend in the hamptons out of it.
didn't they just have a baby?that was two years ago, remember? jeh-ree, you gotta see the bay-bee! you gotta see the bay-bee!'is it possible they're just having babies to get people to visit them?hey jerry, you ever wear silk underwear?no.
put that on the top of your list.
no, not for me.
 a little too delightful.
 well, george and jane should be almost there by now.
oh, isn't that weird that george and jane haven't had sex yet, but they're spending a weekend together?i know, george is pretty pleased about it.
 it's like she signed a letter of intent.
when's rachel comin out?she's makin the three o'clock train.
her father is so religious, i'm just amazed that he's letting you see her again after that schindler's list make-out session.
i bought him some kishka.
what's that?it's kind of a stuffed meat thing.
 israeli soldiers carry it.
 in case they're captured behind enemy lines, they eat it and it kills them.
i never tasted a cough medicine i didn't love.
me too.
 i love cough medicine.
you see? we were made for each other.
 d scream and throw me out of the car.
 but at this time tomorrow, i could touch it all i want.
what's your favorite?potussan.
 ever try it with club soda?no.
oh, very refreshing.
 ll be the same me tomorrow, but suddenly, the no trespassing sign will be gone.
are we almost there?yeah, about ten, fifteen minutes.
 but i have to stop at a vegetable stand.
what for?my mother loves hampton tomatoes.
 she's nuts for hampton tomatoes.
can you buy em later? i really wanna get some sun.
hey jerry.
 rub some lotion on my back.
who are you, mrs.
 robinson?come on, i'll rub some on yours.
no, that's no sweet'ning the deal.
 no.
 you know, when i was a kid, i once found a dollar and fifty cents in change on the bottom of the pool.
 ve been excited.
yeah.
 hey, you know, i gotta go get these tomatoes.
 you wanna go for a ride?i don't think so.
'kay.
 i'll uh, i'll see you later.
 anybody want some tomatoes?no thanks.
no.
 i'm gonna take a dip.
 and then there's maude.
 look at my face, look at it.
 you see any lines?no lines.
you know why? one word: shade.
so when are we gonna see this baby? when is the momentous event?i don't know.
 they're takin a nap or something.
i'm gonna go see if there are any girls on the beach.
 elaine, you wanna come? no thanks.
 i got plenty of girlfriends.
 oh this is interesting.
what?jane's topless.
 yo yo ma.
boutros boutros-ghali.
nice rack.
 come on, you guys.
 you can come and see the bay-bee!oh, in a minute, carol.
we're gonna be right there.
this is weird wild stuff.
 george hasn't even seen her yet.
why do you think we're getting the sneak preview?maybe she's trying to create a buzz.
what?you know, get some good word of mouth goin'.
oh, here she comes.
 i'm thirsty.
 anyone want a drink?no thanks.
i'm good.
deh-deh-deh-deh- to the beach.
adam , jerry and elaine are here.
oh, he's a cute little shnugly baby.
isn't he gorgeous? ugghh.
is she gorgeous? oh, gorgeous, yes.
so very gorgeous.
michael, shut the door! you're letting bugs in.
is it me or was that the ugliest baby you have ever seen?uh, i couldn't look.
 it was like the pekinese.
boy, a little too much chlorine in that gene pool.
 s ever gonna tell them.
oh, you have to lie.
it's a must lie situation.
yes, it's a must lie situation.
you know, i don't think we should tell george we saw jane topless.
no, i don't think so.
in fact remind me to tell kramer too.
oooh, lobsters.
oh this ointment should do it.
how are you feeling, adam? this is our pediatrician, ben feffa.
hi.
look at him, elaine.
 how gorgeous is he? i ask you, how gorgeous? pretty gorgeous.
elaine, you have children?me? oh no, but i'd love to have a baby, i mean, i can't wait to have a baby.
 i'm just dyin to have a baby.
a beautiful woman like you should.
 you're quite breathtaking.
breathtaking? i'm breathtaking?and he's very particular.
 ben, you're staying tonight, right?uh, sure.
 ah, i'm gonna go pick up rachel at the station.
yeah, see ya.
okay.
 oh, just look at him!yeah, he really is breathtaking.
 train was so crowded.
 i had to sit in the seat facing the wrong way.
oh i like that.
 it's like going back in time.
 hey rachel! m gonna go in there to change.
what kind of a greeting was that?she's got greeting problems.
yeah.
 i love hampton tomatoes.
 you know, you can eat em like apples.
 you know it's funny, the tomato never really took on as a hand fruit.
well, the tomato's an anomaly.
 so successful with the ketchup and the sauce, but you can't find a good one.
 hey, hey, hey! look at what i got!hey! wow, the k-man! you got lobster for everybody?yeah, and they're fresh! right out of the ocean.
this is fantastic.
 man, what a weekend.
 swimming, lobster for dinner i know, it's great.
 and i saw jane topless.
 you saw who, what?yeah, i saw jane topless.
 well, we all saw her.
 all right.
you saw jane topless?well, when you went for the tomatoes she lied out topless.
oh you mean face down on her chest.
no.
face up on her back?yeah.
well why'd she do that?i guess she was hot.
you mean she just laid there topless?no, no, she got up, she walked around walked around? and you looked?of course.
 she's got a great body, buddy.
 all right, i'm gonna go upstairs, i'll be right back.
i can't believe that you saw her before me.
think of me as a doctor.
 well, how good a look did you get?well what'd you mean?well, if she was a criminal and you had to describe her to a police sketch artist they'd pick her up in about ten minutes.
great, great.
 so anytime you want you can just visualize her naked.
 s true stop it, stop it! it's not fair.
 it's not fair.
 i don't like this situation, jerry.
 i don't like it one bit.
what do you want me to do? you wanna see rachel naked?yes, yes! the punishment should fit the crime.
you can see me naked.
 i can offer you that.
it's like i'm neil armstrong.
 i turn around for a sip of tang and you jump out first.
nobody ever called me breathtaking before.
i've never been called breathtaking either.
i mean, if he thinks that that baby's breathtaking, then who's not breathtaking?maybe he just said it because the mother was in the room.
yeah, right, that's a possibility.
 i have to find out.
how are you gonna do that?i can be very clever.
i'm gonna take a swim.
oh, me too.
 i'll meet you down.
 s getting undressed.
oh, okay.
 hey!oh, sorry.
don't you knock?i'm sorry, uh, it's not like i'm gonna see something i've never seen before.
you might have.
i didn't.
you won't.
what'd you want anyway, george?yes, george.
 i'm kind of wondering myself.
 what is it what you want?no, i was just wondering if you guys, uh, had any gum.
oh! so you were swimming in the pool, and you wanted some gum.
yes, because the water was cold and the chewing warms me up.
we don't have any gum.
okay.
 strange man.
wait'll you get to know him.
so where is this baby, anyway?oh, check it out.
 i guarantee you've never seen anything quite so objectionable.
 it's down the hall, third door on your left.
   i was in the pool! i was in the pool!did she do it on purpose?it was my fault, i told her the wrong door.
i was supposed to see her.
 she wasn't supposed to see me.
so what?well ordinarily i wouldn't mind.
 but but well i just got back from swimming in the pool.
 and the water was cold oh you mean shrinkage.
yes.
 significant shrinkage.
so you feel you were short changed.
yes! i mean, if she thinks that's me she's under a complete misapprehension.
 that was not me, jerry.
 that was not me.
well, so what's the difference?what if she discusses it with jane?oh, she's not gonna tell jane.
how do you know?women aren't like us.
they're worse! they're much worse than us, they talk about everything! couldn't you at least tell her about the shrinkage factor?no, i'm not gonna tell her about your shrinkage.
 besides, i think women know about shrinkage.
how do women know about shrinkage?isn't it common knowledge? do women know about shrinkage?what do you mean, like laundry?no.
like when a man goes swimming afterwards it shrinks?like a frightened turtle!why does it shrink?it just does.
i don't know how you guys walk around with those things.
thanks for the lobster, kramer.
rachel, aren't you gonna have any?oh, no, i can't.
 i'm kosher, we don't eat shellfish.
you mean you've never tasted lobster?no.
wow.
 you're so pious.
 i really respect that.
 you know when you die, you're gonna get some special attention.
oh, the baby's crying.
 i'll go get him.
 he can sit with us.
no!no, you don't wanna do that.
 you'll be uncomfortable.
yeah, finish eating.
 the baby's not gonna have any fun over here.
 we're-we're not fun for a baby.
yeah, the lobster'll scare him.
i'm gonna get him.
see, look at this.
 s what water does.
 it shrinks things.
really? tell us more, mr.
 science.
 what're you doing? what're you, telling secrets? what're you laughing at?it's nothing, george.
you know, it's very impolite to tell secrets.
 are you talking about me?what is it with you? easy big fella.
so kramer, where'd you get all these lobster, at the fleesher's market?no, i got em in the ocean.
the ocean? what'd you mean?well, i found this rope and i kept tugging on it, and all these lobsters came up.
those are commercial lobster traps.
 you can't take those lobsters from there.
 that's against the law.
take it easy.
 there's plenty of lobsters in the ocean for everyone.
my father was a lobsterman.
 he got up every morning at four and came home every night stinking of brine! he sent me through law school with the lobsters he caught!  here he is.
ahhh! some night, huh?yeah, i wish i had my telescope.
some dinner, huh?nothing like fresh caught lobster.
some house, huh?it was built by mark fargman.
 he build a lot of these homes here.
some ugly baby, huh?what did you say? i said, uh, some snuggly baby.
he is something.
well, to tell you the truth, dr.
 feffa, i , i was surprised to hear you use a word like breathtaking to describe a baby, i mean, because you also used it referring to me.
well, you know elaine, sometimes you say things just to be nice.
 you told her?yeah, what's the big deal?you don't understand.
 this organ, it's very schizophrenic.
jerry, what the difference? you know, you're the ones obsessed with this stuff, not us.
 i'm sure it wouldn't matter to jane.
you're going back to new york now?yeah, i have some things to do.
uh huh.
 uh huh! i think you spoke to your little friend rachel, that's what i think.
so what if i did?and she didn't say something to you about a certain something?i don't know what you're talking about.
 ! m sure it is.
look, you don't understand.
 there was shrinkage.
you looking for this? oh, kramer! you startled me.
well, i thought you might wind up around here.
yeah, well, i couldn't stop thinking about how everyone was enjoying the lobster so much an well i thought i little taste wouldn't hurt, huh?no i'm afraid i couldn't do that.
why not?well, that wouldn't be kosher.
c'mon, kramer.
 i really want to try it.
nah, i'm sorry, honey.
 not on my watch.
come on, kramer.
heyahhh!i just heard a car drive out.
 what was that?oh, that's just jane driving home to new york in the middle of the night.
 george, thanks so much for making breakfast.
george, these are the best scrambled eggs i've ever tasted.
ya i didn't know you could cook.
well, i'm just expressing my gratitude to our gracious host.
yes, george, the whole breakfast is breathtaking.
 good morning.
hey, hey.
 morningkramer, i just want to thank you again for last night, you really saved me.
what happened?well, i almost tried the lobster, but kramer stopped me.
well i knew you'd regret it for the rest of your life.
you're right, i would have.
 hey, look at this guy.
a little breakfast.
yeah.
 and, uh, you eat eggs, right?yes, i do.
 thank you.
geez, these are delicious.
 where did you learn to make eggs like this?umm this is so good.
ah, enjoying them?mm-hmm.
uh, good.
 you know, you might wanna try eating it with one of these.
 there's lobster in these eggs?not that much.
 you know, they tend to shrink in the water.
well, i guess i gotta go, too.
well, this has turned out to be one weekend.
 excuse me?i'm sorry to bother you, but we're trying to track down a lobster poacher that uh cleaned out on of the traps.
wonder what's goin on.
ah, i guess i should go up and apologize.
there he is, officer.
 ahh! don't you ever knock?i don't know why rachel had to drive back with michael and carol.
hey, if you saw me naked, i wouldn't want to ride back in the same car with you either.
i still can't believe michael finked on kramer.
how is he gonna pay off a thousand dollar fine?they got some sort of program.
hey, there's a tomato stand, let's stop, i can get some more.
hey, isn't that michael's car?there's rachel.
where? to your promotion.
oh, thank you! t tell you how much i appreciate this.
 i mean, of course i deserve it.
well, you're really on your way now.
you really oughtta do something about that cold.
you got a raise?i don't fool around, baby!i thought you said pendant was in financial trouble.
they were, but they're being absorbed by matsushimi, that big japanese conglomerate.
oh, when did that happen?they're signing the papers next week.
does this mean they're gonna be publishing kramer's coffee table book?yeah, they'll definitely do it now.
boy, you're on quite a streak.
 job promotion, plus you're back with jake jarmal.
yeah, it's gettin serious, we're talking about moving in together.
boy, you really got it all, i'm sure helen girlie brown would be very proud of you.
speaking of having it all where were you?i went to the beach.
 oh, the beach.
it's not working, jerry.
 it's just not working.
 what is it that isn't working?why did it all turn out like this for me? i had so much promise.
 i was personable, i was bright.
 s uncomfortable at a party.
 could i get napkin over there?it became very clear to me sitting out there today, that every decision i've ever made, in my entire life, has been wrong.
 my life is the complete opposite of everything i want it to be.
 every instinct i have, in every of aspect of life, be it something to wear, something to eat it's all been wrong.
 everywhere.
yeah.
 no, no, no, wait a minute, i always have tuna on toast.
 nothing's ever worked out for me with tuna on toast.
 i want the complete opposite of on toast.
 chicken salad, on rye, un-toasted with a side of potato salad and a cup of tea.
 well, there's no telling what can happen from this.
you know chicken salad is not the opposite of tuna, salmon is the opposite of tuna, cuz salmon swim against the current,  good for the tuna.
ah, george, you know, that woman just looked at you.
so what? what am i supposed to do?go talk to her.
elaine, bald men, with no jobs, and no money, who live with their parents, don't approach strange women.
well here's your chance to try the opposite.
 instead of tuna salad and being intimidated by women, chicken salad and going right up to them.
yeah, i should do the opposite, i should.
if every instinct you have is wrong, then the opposite would have to be right.
yes, i will do the opposite.
 i used to sit here and do nothing, and regret it for the rest of the day, so now i will do the opposite, and i will do something!excuse me, uh i couldn't help but notice that you were looking in my direction.
oh, yes i was, you just ordered the same exact lunch as me.
my name is george.
 i'm unemployed and i live with my parents.
i'm victoria.
 hi.
 hey.
 buddy, it's all happening!what's happening?the coffee table book.
 it's a go-oo!oh yeah, i heard all about it.
you know what this means? i'm starting the book tour.
 first stop : regis and kathy lee.
you're going on regis and kathy lee?oh, you better believe it!i'll loan you my puffy shirt.
no, no, no.
what're you gonna talk about?well, coffee tables.
hello? what? yeah, sure, i'll do it.
 i just had something cancelled the same weekend.
 ok.
 great.
 bye.
 you know, life is amazing.
 i just lost a job and five minutes later get another, same weekend, same money.
you know who you are? even stevenare you growing a beard?why shave every day? it just grows right back.
i guess i'm afraid i'm just not interested in how i present myself.
 if those kind of superficialities are important to you, this probably isn't gonna work.
hey watch, he just cut you off! did you see that?!take it easy.
 take it easy.
 it's not the end of the world.
what are we gonna do? should we just move?that won't be necessary.
shut your traps and stop kicking the seats! we're trying to watch the movie! and if i have to tell you again, we're gonna take it outside and i'm gonna show you what it's like! you understand me? now, shut your mouths or i'll shut em for ya, and if you think i'm kidding, just try me.
 try me.
 because i would love it!are you sure you don't wanna come up, i mean, it's only nine thirty.
i don't think we should.
 we really don't know each other very well.
who are you, george costanza?i'm the opposite of every guy you've ever met.
excuse me, is your name elaine?yes.
were you suposed to meet a jake jarmal here?yeah.
well, i'm afraid he's been in an accident.
 an accident? what happened?well-he got side-swiped by a cab, but he's alright.
 he's in st.
vincent hospital, room .
oh.
 ok.
 thank you.
could i have a box of jujyfruits? there you go.
so, then, you know, the light was clearly green, i started walking, he skidded and he went right into my hip.
 oh, that is so terrible.
 that is so terrible, jake.
 i mean, how can people be so stupid? just sickening.
you want one?no thanks.
so when do you think you're gonna get outta here?where did you get those?at the movies.
didn't the theater manager give you the message before you went in?yeah, he did.
then when did you get those?right after that so you heard that i was in a car accident, and then decided to stop off for some jujyfruit?well the counter was right there, and i would think, under the circumstances, it would have sent you running out the building.
 apparently, it didn't have any effect on you.
no, no, it does! t stop for jujyfruit!but jake i would like to be alone now, please.
but, jake, i didn't goodnight! broke even.
can i bring out our next guest now?please, please.
young guy, he's got a new book coming out, and it's about, and this is the best part -i love this.
it's a coffee table book about coffee tables! yeah.
 is that clever? i think that is so clever!i think so too.
 did you get to meet him back stage?i did.
i mean, he looks like a fun guy, doesn't he?i love his hair.
yeah, oh, i do too.
 this guy could be a little bonkos.
 really.
 anyway, if you will, would you please welcome: kramer! hello, kramer is here.
i don't know, maybe it's the hair or something!ah, well, yes kramer.
 so, a coffee table book about coffee tables.
 where did you come up with this idea?yeah, well, ah, i'll tell you, uh regis actually, this is a true story.
 i umm i was skiing at the time.
you know, when i'm skiing, kramer, i'm trying not to kill myself, you're writing books!yeah, well, now you kids don't go out and try that.
 you stay in school!have you always had an interest in coffee tables, because, really, i-i love coffee tables, and i-i thought i was the only one.
you see the beauty of my book is, if you don't have a coffee table, it turns into a coffee table.
is that fabulous?look at this!is that fabulous?fabulous!i want one of these.
did i tell you this guy was bonkos?this coffee table coffee tables.
that's true.
 that's right.
yeah? well, i'm not in there.
 where's mine?oh, it's on file, right here.
 i'm tellin ya, this guy's bonkos! he really is!but he's adorable.
ya he is, he's a nice looking guy.
it's all over my dress.
we'll be right back in a moment.
so it's all over?yeah, it got pretty nasty.
and what did you go back for? jujyfruit?it's not like i went across the street.
 i bought the jujyfruit and i got in a cab.
why didn't you eat it in the cab?because i got popcorn too, and i ate that first.
what's all this?played cards last night.
oh yeah? how'd you do?broke even.
you always break even.
yeah, i know; like yesterday i lost a job, and then i got another one, and then i missed a tv show, and later on they re-ran it.
 and then today i missed a train, went outside and caught a bus.
 it never fails! i always even out!do you have twenty bucks?what for?just gimme twenty bucks.
 what the hell was that?let's see if you get the twenty bucks back.
you know you could've thrown a pencil out the window and seen if that came back.
you know, things were going so good for me, you know, i got the job promotion, we were talking about moving in together -well, maybe next time someone's in a car accident you won't stop off for candy first.
hey, i just found twenty dollars! i tell you this, something is happening in my life.
 i did this opposite thing last night.
 up was down, black was white, good was -bad.
day was -night.
yes!so you just did the opposite of everything?yes.
 and listen to this, listen to this; her uncle works for the yankees and he's gonna get me a job interview.
 a front office kind of thing.
 assistant to the traveling secretary.
 a job with the new york yankees! this has been the dream of my life ever since i was a child, and it's all happening because i'm completely ignoring every urge towards common sense and good judgment i have had.
 this is no longer just some crazy notion.
 elaine, jerry, this is my religion.
so i guess your messiah would be the anti-christ.
yes funny s go.
elaine look! a twenty! oh my god.
hey boss.
kramer.
 come in.
how're you doin there, big guy? uh, ya, have a seat.
al-righty have you got yourself a cold?woah, that's quite a honk!ya, thank you.
get yourself some vitamin c with rose hips and bioflavenoids.
the reason i asked you in here, is i-i caught your appearance on uh regis and kathy lee the other day and -ya that was pretty good, huh?an-anyway, the thinking here is that it would be best i-if you uh didn't do any more of these shows.
because of the coffee thing?kramer, i'm sorry.
what about sonia live'? now you're not cancelling sonia live'?it's out -she's a doctor, i got a thing for her.
kra-kramer, i -why don't you tell me about some of your previous work experience?alrighty.
 ah my last job was in publishing i uh got fired for having sex in my office with the cleaning woman.
go on.
ah, alright, before that, i was in real estate.
 i quit, because the boss wouldn't let me use his private bathroom.
 that was it.
do you talk to everybody like this?of course.
my niece told me you were different.
i am different, yeah.
i gotta tell ya, you are the complete opposite of every applicant we've seen.
 s one of the applicants.
nice to meet you.
well, i wish i could say the same, but i must say, with all due respect, i find it very hard to see the logic behind some of the moves you have made with this fine organization.
 in the past twenty years you have caused myself, and the city of new york, a good deal of distress, as we have watched you take our beloved yankees and reduced them to a laughing stock, all for the glorification of your massive ego!hire this man!tina robbins is here to see you.
who's that?ah, it's my ex-roommate, she moved out four years ago, i-i've been sub-letting my apartment from her.
alright, see ya.
 hey.
please.
hi tina.
hi elaine.
so, i haven't seen you in a while.
elaine, we have a problem.
well, what is it?you're getting kicked out.
kicked out?! why?!well, there's been a number of complaints.
yeah? like what?well, like last thanksgiving you buzzed up a jewel thief.
ah, i didn't know who he was!that's why there's a buzzer.
what else?well, apparently, the week after that, you buzzed up some jehova's witnesses and they couldn't get them out of the building.
what else have you got?well, let's see.
 i'll tell you what the big advantage of homosexuality is.
 if you're going out with someone your size, right there you double your wardrobe.
i suppose oh, come on, that's a huge feature.
 when they approach a new recruit, i'm sure that's one of the big selling points.
 jerry yes?i've been doing a lot of thinking.
uh huh?well, i don't think we should see each other any more.
oh, that's okay.
 what?nah, that's fine.
 no problem.
 i'll meet somebody else.
you will?sure.
 see, things always even out for me.
huh?it's fine.
 anyway, it's been really nice dating you for a while.
 and uh good luck!yeah, you too.
 ll be coming around the mountain the new york yankees?!the new york yankees!ruth, gehrig, dimaggio, mantle costanza?i'm the assistant to the travelling secretary.
 i'm going on the road trips with em! i'll be on the plane i'm working in yankee stadium! this is a dream, i'm busting, jerry, i'm busting!i can't believe it.
ya!ya? s me.
 come on up.
and i'm moving out of my parents house, i'm taking that apartment on th street, remember the one we saw?that's a great place!i'm back in business, baby!george, i wouldn't get too excited about this stuff, you know, things have a way of evening out.
hey! hi elaine.
hi.
how're things going?how're things going? you wanna know how things are going? i'll tell you how things are going.
 i am getting kicked out of my apartment!why? why are they doing that?i don't know! they have a list of grievances.
the jewel thief?yeah, the jewel thief.
what else?i put canadian quarters in the washing machine.
 i gotta be out by the end of the month.
well, you could move in with my parents.
 was that the opposite of what you were going to say, or was that just your natural instinct? instinct.
stick with the opposite.
 elaine, don't get too down.
 everything'll even out, see, i have two friends, you were up, re down.
 you see how it all evens out for me?mr.
 lippman, the people from matsushimi are here.
oh ya alright tell them i'll be right there.
 d be out on the street.
 boy, they sure saved us.
 s on my desk.
 mr lippman, it is with great pride that we undertake this partnership with your company.
i i'm sorry, i can't shake your hand right now.
 it's germs.
is that the end of it?yeah, it's the last one.
alright.
i can't believe you're moving out.
 s like a dream.
oh, it's true.
alright, let's go.
don't get in trouble with the yankees.
 you be nice.
 i'm not gonna be nice.
 that's how i got the job.
jerry, did you hear this?he knows what he's doing.
i just want the both of you to know how much you mean to me, and i love you both very, very much.
opposite.
i must've had at least eight in my mouth.
 i couldn't talk.
 i couldn't talk!why'd you have to eat so many?because they're jujyfruit.
 i like them.
 i didn't know it would start a chain reaction that would lead to the end of pendant publishing.
not to mention the end of kramer's coffee table book.
yeah, you knew he had a cold.
 how'd you expect him to blow his nose? yea!do you know what's going on here? can't you see what's happened? i've become george.
don't say that.
it's true.
 i'm george! i'm george!greetings, people.
 greetings.
 greetings and salutations.
 what a beautiful day for a ball game.
 let's play two! s the first base man.
uh huh.
we talked about his new batting stance, you know, i'm not crazy about it, but i said , donny, go with it till it stops workin'.
 donny baseball.
 he's a helluva guy.
wait, wait, wait, that's too much.
 mine was more than yours.
ah let's call it even.
o.
k.
, danny, take a swing.
 re opening up your shoulder.
really?no, not really.
 i'm just saying this to you because i like to hear myself talk.
 yes, really!alright, alright.
what are all sweatin for?it's hot in this uniform.
hot? what is this?what is what?this uniform, what's it made from?i don't know, cotton?no.
 this is not cotton.
 here, lemme see.
 oh.
 of course.
 polyester!so?i can't believe you're not playing in cotton.
well, this is what they give us.
you know they used to make leisure suits out of this fabric?you really think cotton's better?of course! alright, maybe i'll say something to buck.
yeah, good idea.
 catch ya later.
 hey, don't embarrass me today.
 i got some friends in the stands.
 hot dogs here! yankee franks!oh, you want one?yeah.
i'll get it.
 that's alright, i got it.
jerry!elaine, stop it.
hey, just because i'm not working doesn't mean i haven't got any money.
 yo! dogs! two!i'm sorry.
your attention please the new york yankees would like to welcome miss connecticut, miss rhode island and miss north dakota, all of whom will be competing in the miss america pageant this weekend in atlantic city.
 now, there's a career path you may have overlooked.
ooh, i gotta check my machine.
 i'm waiting to hear about an interview.
 doubleday is looking for somebody to replace jackie onassis.
oh, she worked at doubleday ?yeah, she was an editor.
right, just like you.
yeah.
 can you hold my seat? hey! down in front! hot dog?no, thanks.
 i'm watching my weight.
ah.
 i'm watching my height.
 my doctor doesn't want me to get any taller.
 so you're miss, uh rhode island.
i was almost mr.
 coffee.
 they felt i was a little too relaxed.
 miss rhode island? when are you seeing her?tonight.
 i have to call her, she's staying in a hotel.
you're incredible.
and get this - i'm working in atlantic city this weekend, and she's going to be down there for the pageant.
what if she becomes miss america? you could be dating miss america, jerry!the only bad thing is, we have to go out with a chaperone.
chaperone? what, are you kidding?no, it's part of the contest rules.
what does the chaperone do?i don't know, she just sits there.
can she talk?i'm not sure if she's allowed to talk.
 you're calling her?yeah.
 there she is miss - yes, room please? karen hanson?hey, did you know that the yankees don't wear cotton jerseys?of course, they're polyester.
well, what is that? that's a crime! do you know how hot those things get? they should be wearing cotton.
why do they wear polyester?i don't know.
 that's all gonna change.
you're going to do something about it?why shouldn't i?no reason of course, jackie o.
 was a great lady.
 those are going to be some tough shoes to fill.
 everyone loved her.
 she had such grace.
yes! grace!not many people have grace.
well, you know, grace is a tough one.
 i like to think i have a little grace not as much as jackie -you can't have a little grace.
 you either have grace, or you don't.
o.
k.
, fine, i have no grace.
and you can't acquire grace.
well, i have no intention of getting grace.
grace isn't something you can pick up at the market.
alright, alright, look - i don't have grace, i don't want grace i don't even say grace, o.
k.
?thank you for coming in.
yeah, yeah, right.
we'll make our choice in a few days, and we'll let you know.
i have no chance, do i?no.
 justin pitt to see you.
justin pitt?he was a very close friend of mrs.
 onassis's.
'mrs.
 onassis's'? that's hard to pronounce.
excuse me?nothing.
 mrs.
 landis, there's something wrong with this copying machine, it's all coming out slanted.
 now, i don't know if this is your department or not.
justin pitt, this is elaine benes.
 charmed.
i was a great admirer of mrs.
 onass-sis-sis-sis hello, karen? it's jerry seinfeld.
 oh, that's very sweet of you.
 you know, you better be careful, you don't want to get too congenial.
 they'll slap that miss congeniality on you, and you'll congene yourself right out of the contest.
 so, what time do you want to get together later? what? so what, we don't need the chaperone.
 hey, what are you doing tonight?nothin.
'i'm going out with one of the miss america contestants, you wanna go?what state?rhode island.
they're never in contention.
how do you know?because i've seen every miss america pageant since i was six.
look, do you want to go or not? i'll buy you dinner.
giddy-up!i think i got someone!the resemblance is uncanny.
 even the brown eyes.
well, a lot of people have brown eyes.
no, there's something else.
 an indefinable quality.
grace?grace, yes.
you think ihave grace?some grace, yes.
just some?well, you don't want too much grace or you won't be able to stand.
oh, mr.
 pitt.
elaine, i want you to come and work for me as my personal assistant.
 now, i'll pay you the same as pendant, but i would need you to start right away.
hey, buck.
 talk to you for a second?sure, george.
how's everything going? everything o.
k.
?well, all of a sudden there's a problem with tartabull's swing listen, buck, i uh obviously i don't need to talk to you about the importance of player morale, but uh i've been talking to some of the guys, and some of them - i don't want to mention any names - but some of them they're not too happy with the polyester uniforms.
how so?well, they get very hot in the polyester.
 you know, it's not a natural fibre.
 i think they would prefer cotton.
cotton, huh?yeah.
 cotton breathes, you see, it's much softer.
 imagine playing games and your team is five degrees cooler than the other team.
 don't you think that would be an advantage? they're cooler, they're more comfortable they're happier - they're gonna play better.
you may have something there, george.
oh - i've got something.
hmm.
 cotton uniforms.
congratulations!yeah! and the best part is, i still get to look for work in publishing.
now, what is it that you do, exactly?i attend to his personal affairs.
like what?well, like tomorrow for example, i have to uh i have to buy him some socks.
really! socks!yeah.
 white ones.
 like the ones you wear with sneakers.
hey, maybe you can pick me up some underwear! so, what do you think? does this work?listen tonight, after we finish eating, you make like you got something else to do and just recede into the night, if you know what i mean.
no way!what?look, if you think i'm just going to step aside and do nothing while you defile this woman, you're crazy.
i'm not going to defile her!that's right, because i'm going to see it doesn't happen.
 look, jerry, these girls are miss america contestants.
 it's every little girl's dream.
 and i'm not going to let you trample that dream and make a mockery of everything the pageant stands for.
but -aaah! no buts! those are my rules.
but wait a minute now, if you want to go out and have some good, wholesome fun with a nice girl, i'd be glad to help you out if you're looking for something more than that, you've got the wrong guy, buddy! if you were miss america, what would you do to make the world a better place?as miss america, i would try and bring an end to world hunger.
 if every person sacrificed one meal a week, there would be enough to feed the whole world!that's a hell of a plan.
 listen -what advice would you give young people?alright, kramer!this is important stuff! she's got to be able to answer these questions.
 she's not going to have time to think, out there, with millions of people watching her.
 any hesitation could cost her the crown.
 you know, poise counts.
you really know a lot about this, don't you?oh yeah, like last year? miss texas? now, she should have won easily, but she lost points in the swimsuit competition.
well, what could she have done?tape her breasts together.
 what else?well, take you for example.
 now, you're very attractive, but you got a big waist.
hey, come on!no, no it's o.
k.
 go on.
well, i'd recommend a waist cincher.
really.
oh, yeah.
 just - thip! - suck you in.
i'll be right back.
 so, what's your talent?magic.
mmm.
 i'm thinking of a number from one to ten.
six.
no, five.
 but you were close.
how's your evening?well, i'm wearing this red dress -stop right there.
no good?disaster.
why?well, you got brown eyes.
 you want to wear a green dress.
that makes sense.
 well, here we are kramer, would you consider being my personal consultant for the pageant?okay.
 but if i'm going to do this, we play by my rules or we don't play at all.
i am in your hands.
 hey.
well, if it isn't mr.
 blackwell.
oh, come on.
and that waist cincher, that was the topper!oh, you're poo-pooing!yes, i poo-poo.
well, let me tell you something.
 i'm taking this kid to the top.
 to the top, jerry! we're going for the crown, and you can't stop her!i don't want to stop her!you can't stop her, jerry! oh, i've seen em come and go, but this kid has got something! yeah, so do you.
 well, did you see it?see what?the uniforms! did you see how they played? listen to these comments! boy, they really do sound comfortable.
hey, where ya goin'?i'm working in atlantic city.
really!yeah.
 hey, you're not working this weekend, why don't you come down?atlantic city? m down.
you know what, maybe elaine wants to go too, lemme call her.
 s, i think i got the number so, what do you think?no.
you don't like them?no, i don't like them.
what's wrong?they're too tight.
too tight?there's no elastic, you need to pull too much .
i think they look good!they're cutting off the circulation.
alright, well, i'll just take them back.
 hello?hi, mr.
 pitt! is elaine there?it's for you.
sorry.
 hello?hey elaine, it's me.
jerry?we're going to atlantic city.
really? when?today, right now! are you in?one second, hang on.
 excuse me, mr.
 pitt? would it be alright if i got you the socks tomorrow?tomorrow?yes.
but i was hoping for my new socks today!well, it's just one more day.
i'm sorry.
 i must have them today.
i can't go.
why not?because i have to return the socks and get different ones.
elaine!i gotta go.
 no.
 alright, watch me now.
 turn, back, head up, shoulders back posture.
 you see? posture.
yes, i see.
 o.
k.
let's try a few more questions, alright? s leader, what would you do?kramer, are these questions really that important ?yes, they're important! if you stumble, if you hesitate, you can kiss the crown goodbye.
 now if i've told you once, i've told you a thousand times - poise counts! it's just as important as the others.
 swimsuit! evening wear! talent! poise!hey.
hey.
how was the show?good.
 how was the roulette?i won fifty bucks! boy, this is great.
 too bad elaine's not here.
yeah, all she had to do was buy mr.
 pitt a pair of socks!it's good, but but what??ultimately i don't think they'll stay up.
no, no! they'll stay up!for a while, yes, but not in the long run.
but that's why i got you the tighter ones! oh, forget about those! why do you keep mentioning those?what do you want!?i want a decent sock that's comfortable, that will stay on my foot!!what the hell is that?i don't know, it sounds like pigeons or something!well, i can't sleep with that noise.
me either.
 is there anything you can do to shut them up?wait a second.
 well, good night, ollie.
good night, stan.
what is it?my doves! they're dead! i trained those birds for eight years! how am i supposed to do my magic act now?how did this happen?they like it outside, so i kept them in a cage on the terrace then i found them dead in a pool of water!well, how did this happen?it must have been an accident.
accident? this was no accident.
 these doves were murdered.
well, that's it! she's out of the pageant!what? why? what happened?her birds are dead.
birds?yeah, birds.
 she's got these trained doves, she does this magic act, that was her talent for the pageant.
 you know what i think, jerry? i think somebody murdered those doves.
 somebody wanted her out of that contest bad.
 somebody who was just eaten up with jealousy.
 somebody who just couldn't stand to have the spotlight taken off of them! what are you looking at? oh, that! we had to leave that outside, last night, because the water was making the room too cold.
you killed them, didn't you?no, you don't understand - it's not what you think! it was an accident!well, don't think you've won, because you haven't! this kid is a fighter! and if you think i'm gonna let a couple of dead birds get in our way, you're crazy!kramer, you gotta explain to her what happened ! what was that all about?oh, it was just kramer apparently i killed miss rhode island's doves with a bucket of water last night.
oh.
 o.
k.
, this is it!how ya feelin'?i'm a little nervous!there's nothing to be nervous about.
but i've never sung before in my life!and now, let's welcome karen ann hanson, miss rhode island!i heard those doves were really incredible.
that's a shame.
 it's like watching an animal get tortured.
hey, hey! yankee game! oh, great! alright.
 that's a shame.
poise.
 poise!may i help you?yeah, uh, i'm looking for a rollamech mechanical pencil.
oh, i know the rollamech .
no, i'm sure you do.
they're pretty expensive.
well, it's for my boss.
what do you do?well, we don't have any in stock right now but i would be happy to order it for you.
 just give me your phone number and when it comes in i'll give you a call.
 you're name is?elaine.
elaine, .
 .
 .
 and your last name?it's just elaine, like cher.
 ha ha haand your number?uh, aw, kl - o.
okay.
 thanks a lot.
 you'll be hearing from me.
okay, move along.
 .
 .
why did you give him my number?i think he's got ideas.
i wonder if any woman ever said that about einstein?call me when the pencil comes in okay?just call me when the new pen comes in, okay?why does mr.
 pitt prefer a pencil to a pen anyway? hey.
 look who's here.
hey, hey.
hey heyhi jerry.
hi julie.
elaine, julie.
hi.
hi.
oh, hi.
 elaine's my middle name.
oh, mine's ike'.
hey, wanna get some lunch?just had a big bowl of kix.
ah, well, that's very mature.
 what about you?ah, no.
please come, elaine.
no, no.
 how about if you bring me back something?sure, all right, what do you want?um, hum, i don't know .
 .
 a big salad?what big salad? i'm going to the coffee shop.
they have big salads.
i've never seen a big salad.
they have a big salad.
is that what i ask for? the big salad?it's okay, you don't no, no, hey i'll get it.
 what's in the big salad?big lettuce, big carrots, tomatoes like volleyballs.
 ll see you in a little while.
maybe i should just get married.
dating is really starting to get embarrassing isn't it?i know.
 you know, whenever i'm on a date i feel people can tell.
people on dates shouldn't even be allowed out in public.
you can say that again.
it's embarrassing for them.
 it's painful for us to watch.
 i'm going out with someone later, i'm not even taking her out of the house.
good for you.
i don't need a bunch of people staring at us.
right on baby.
 what was that?that gendason, what a jerk.
 i'm never playing golf with him again.
who gendason?steve gendason.
why is that name familiar?oh, how did you end up playing golf with him?well, i met him on the course a couple of years ago.
 yeah.
 played with him a lot.
 but today was it! we're on the fifteenth hole, ya, he's beating me by a couple of strokes.
 then, he's about to hit his second shot, when, he picks up the ball and cleans it.
so what?umph, sorry! but the rules clearly state that you cannot clean the ball unless it's on the green.
 the rules are very clear about that.
certainly are.
ya, so i penalized him a stroke.
he lost it! we almost came to blows.
 we were face to face like a manager and an umpire like this .
 .
 kara a pukka ba ya ka ba .
 .
 .
all right.
 you're in my face.
i still don't see what the big deal is.
a rule is a rule.
 and let's face it.
 without rules there's chaos.
i like anna quindlen's column and safire.
 don't you like safire?oh, safire.
 uh haalthough at times can be rather pedantic.
he can be pedantic.
 he can be pedantic.
and bob herbert's great.
 he's the daily news.
yes.
 yes.
 you know what's interesting.
 the quarterback for the atlanta falcons is bobby hebert.
 no r which i find fascinating.
 you know it's herbert h-e-r-b-e-r-t, hebert h-e-b-e-r-t.
 hebert it's a fun name to pronounce.
 try and say it hebert.
 take a shot.
 all right.
 all right.
 ino, no.
 i'd like to take you out.
no, julie, julie, don't insult me.
 you know, what difference does it make who pays for lunch.
 it's totally meaningless.
okay, thanks, george.
oh, thank you.
 ll tell her.
 okay.
 goodbye.
 the stationery store guy called to say he ordered your pencil.
i told ya'.
 he has ideas.
he doesn't even care if a man answers.
or you.
hey, hey.
hey.
sorry e're late.
no problem.
here's your big salad.
thank you, julie.
oh, you're very welcome.
 so, i guess i better get going.
 gotta meet mother a t the guggenheim.
 sure you don't want to go?no, you go guggenheim.
 i'm not much of a guggenheim.
sure, george.
ya, you go.
okay, i'll see you later.
 goodbye.
bye byedid you see what just happened?well, that all depends.
 .
 .
did you happen to notice that julie handed the big salad to elaine?yeah, so?well, she didn't buy the big salad.
 i bought the big salad.
is that a fact?yes it is.
 she just took credit for my salad.
 that's not right.
no it isn't.
i mean i'm the one who bought it.
yes you did.
you think she should have said something?she could have.
oh, i know.
imagine, her taking credit for your big salad.
you know you buy a big salad for somebody it would be nice if they knew it.
obviously.
turn on the tv.
what?i'm puttin it on .
 .
 .
 the district attorney's office and the police department have not answered any questions as yet.
 to repeat in case you're just joining us.
 former baseball start steve genderson, has been taken to police headquarters for questioning the murder of bobby pinkus the owner of royal dry cleaners at amsterdam avenue.
 according to pinkus wife, gendeson had been involved in a dispute with the cleaner about a stain on a pair of gray sans-a-belt slacks.
 we also have a report that earlier in the day a groundskeeper at vancourtland's golf course saw an irate gendeson leaving the clubhouse in a huff.
 whether there is a possible connection between the two is something we'll just have to wait.
jerry .
 .
 .
well, it has nothing to do with you.
yeah, but maybe he was so mad from the penalty stroke that he murdered the dry cleaner.
well, generally speaking you don't need any extra incentive to murder a dry cleaner.
 i wouldn't worry about that.
i like julie.
 she's very personable.
yeah, she's very lovely.
that's great george.
so did you enjoy your lunch?yeah, a big salad.
 very good.
 actually it was too big.
 ha ha ha wht?oh, .
 .
 .
because she handed you the bag.
 i could have handed you the bag.
 she happened to pick it up at the restaurant even though, .
 .
 .
even though what?.
 .
 .
 naw, it's just you thanked her, and and oh, .
 .
 .
 what's the difference?what? what are you trying to say, george?it's just that i was the one who actually paid for the big salad.
 she just happened to hand it to you.
 but it's no big deal.
you want the money for the big salad, george?no, no,what is the problem?there is no problem.
 .
 .
 just a small miscommunication.
 whereby you thanked her instead of the person actually responsible for purchasing the big salad.
and kramer thinks a penalty stroke may have driven him to it.
well, they haven't even arrested him yet.
 come on, let's go out.
ah, no , i don't think so.
why not?we don't need a bunch of people staring at us.
who is staring?oh, they're staring.
 they know we're on a date.
 they're making fun.
 come on.
 it's embarrassing.
hello.
 no she's not here.
 yes i will tell her.
 no i don't know what time she might be coming back.
 look i gotta go.
 goodbye.
 .
 .
 .
 that, that's a long story.
hello newman.
hello jerry, i was wondering if you knew where kramer was.
no, no i don't.
 why?you know, genderson.
 this is something big.
i suppose.
what did kramer say?i don't know.
 nothing.
?come on jerry.
 you know something tell me! tell me!, oh, chocolates .
 .
 .
 margaret?hello.
you two know each other?you might say that.
we used to go out.
well, tootle loo.
 and nice seeing you again margaret, goodbye jerry.
 have fun.
 hehe.
 .
 .
 you went out with .
 .
 .
 newman?just a few times.
why?i liked him.
you liked, newman?look i'm a little uncomfortable talking about this okay?no, i'm sorry.
 i'm just a little curious.
 i mean why did you stop seeing him.
he ended it.
.
 .
 .
 he ended it?yes!! yes! it was a couple of years ago.
 why does it matter?no, no of course not.
jerry, jerry they found a tee.
what tee?a golf tee.
 in the dry cleaner.
newman! she went out with newman!it must be a mistake.
no.
 it isn't and the most distressing part of it is, not that she went out with him but that he stopped seeing her.
 do you understand? he, newman; newman stopped seeing her.
 newman never stopped seeing anybody.
 newman will see whoever is willing to see him.
 not so much why she did see him as disturbing as that is.
 but why, did he, newman, stop seeing her?perhaps there's more to him than meets the eye.
no, there's less.
it's possible.
no it isn't.
 i've looked into his eyes.
 he's pure evil.
he's an enigma, a mystery wrapped in a riddle.
yeah, he's a mystery wrapped in a twinkie.
no,, but thank you.
oh, by the way, your stationery store guy called and he's got your pencil.
ugh! you are kidding me.
no, he left the store early, made a special trip to the distributor and got it.
i bought mine yesterday on th street.
well, what did you do that for? you ordered it.
to please mr.
 pitt.
well, you better go down there and tell this guy.
 he's very excited.
uh, great!hi julie.
hi.
hi julie.
hi, how are you, elaine? i'm meeting george here.
oh, well then i better get going otherwise george will make me buy him lunch to make up for that big salad he bought me yesterday.
how do you know that?who is it.
it's jerry.
you've come at a bad time now.
 could you come back later?come on newman.
 open the door!hellooo jerry.
 what a rare treat.
 what brings you down to the east wing?okay, pudgy, lets stop playing games.
 what happened with margaret?there's no need to get excited.
 can't we discuss this like gentlemen?no, we can't.
 my skin is crawling just being inside your little rat's nest.
 now, what happened?do you really want to know what happened? i'll tell you what happened.
 she wasn't my type.
noit your type?not really.
well, how come?ah, she just didn't do it for me.
what, what is wrong with her?well, h ha ha- if you're happy with her, that's all that matters.
you don't think she's attractive?no.
 i need a really pretty face.
 but, hey, that's me.
okay, newman, thanks a lot.
care for some lemonade?no, thank you.
drop bye anytime, jerry.
 hah, ha halisten to this, if a player cleans his ball during the play of a hole accept on the putting green he shall incur a penalty of one stroke.
 that's a rule, jerry.
but it's just a friendly game.
 why do you have to be such a stickler?because that's the way i weas raised.
 you know when i was growing up i had to be in bed every night by nine o'clock.
 and if i wasn't, well i don't have to tell you what happened.
what are you so worried about this for?you know he talked about pinkus on the course?he did?oh yeah, he said he brought a pair of pants into pinkus and they came back stained with some kind of dry cleaning fluid.
 and pinkus denied responsibility.
 you see he was very upset with pinkus.
so it had nothing to do with you.
yeah, but maybe i pushed him over the edge.
no, i don't think so.
poor pinkus, poor little pinkus.
hey, let me ask you a question.
 you met margaret.
 doo you think margaret's good looking? um, she's a natural beauty.
 oh, no makeup.
 i like that.
yeah, and the curls.
 you like the curls?oh, i love curls.
yeah,, me too.
all right, i'll see you later.
where you going?genderson's.
you're going to see genderson?it's weighing on my conscience.
you know, i think i could have played with dolls if their were dolls in the house.
 it seems like fun to me.
 it doesn't seem like a gender thing.
 i think i would like to play with dolls.
 what's so terrible?ha.
 so, george, i was talking to elaine before.
a ha! we're just friends.
yes, well anyway, she said something that was kind of intriguing.
oh, share.
well, when i came over to the table she mentioned something about how she better hurry up and leave or you'd make her buy lunch to make up for the one you bought yesterday.
ha, ha ha uh, i'm not following that.
well, my question is, how could elaine be under the impression that you bought the big salad, when i was the one who handed it to her?well, she probably just assumed.
um, did she?.
 .
 .
uh, .
 .
 .
 wait a second.
 are you suggesting that i went out of my way to tell elaine that even though you handed her the big salad, that it came from me?that's what i'm suggesting.
.
 .
 .
 well it was a big salad.
 and what i would like to know is, how does a person who has nothing to do with the big salad claim responsibility for that salad and accept the thank you under false pretenses - ah - ah?george, all i did was hand someone a bag.
it's just that my boss is very demanding and he needed the pencil right away.
well,, why did you tell me to order it if you knew you were going to get one someplace else?no, no no i didn't know.
 i, i'm sorry.
i went all the way down to the warehouse.
 it took me three hours.
 i had a big fight with the foreman.
really? a fight with the foreman?yes.
well, again, i'm just awfully sorry.
yeah? well, then how about going out with me tonight?okay.
i mean they found a tee and he played golf that day.
 nobody walks into a dry cleaner's with a tee.
 the circumstantial evidence is overwhelming.
you had how many dates with him? three?around three.
 i don't know.
and .
 .
i told you.
 he stopped calling me.
 i moved on.
 i'm not hung up on him.
 what are you looking at?what? i'm not looking.
 nothing.
why are you looking at my face?where am i going to look?kiss me.
.
 .
 .
 i can't.
newman!all i could think of was when i was looking at her face was; newman found this unacceptable.
well, ,i'm going out with the stationery store guy.
you're going out with the stationery store guy?i felt so guilty about the pencil i couldn't say no.
well, well, well, i'm not treating you to lunch anymore! you had to tell julie that i made a special point of telling you that i bought you the big salad.
 didn't ya'.
uh, uh.
you know, if it was a regular salad i wouldn't have said anything.
 but you had to have the big salad.
hello, what? you're kidding.
 i'm turning it on.
 oh, my god.
 get out of here.
 s arrest.
 he escaped and the police spotted him on the new jersey turnpike.
as you can see white bronco.
 the police have cleared the highway traffic in front of him but they are keeping their distance and don't want the situation to escalate.
 and we have gotten an identification on the driver of the vehicle.
 his name is; kramer, one of genderson's golfing buddies.
 - - what are you reportingyeah, this is kramer.
 i got genderson in the car.
 he wants to see his fish.
 i'm taking him to see his fish.
 so tell the police to back off.
okay, sir, and what's your name?my name is kramer.
 you know who i am dammit!i thought we would blend in.
we would have had all that bridge traffic.
she was hitting on you? my friend noreen?your friend, noreen.
are you sure you're not just flattering yourself?if i was flattering myself, i think i'd come up with someone a little less annoying than noreen.
i cannot believe that she was hitting on you.
if you don't believe me, ask her.
i will.
 besides, she's got a boyfriend, jerry, you know him.
 dan.
 remember, we went to that party at his house?oh, right.
 the guy who talks with a really high voice.
yeah.
jerry, did you get my fortune magazine in your mail?check the pile.
 oh, who sent you a card?i don't know.
open it, it's from hallmark.
oh.
hello, darling.
isn't that cute, a thank you card from kristin.
let me see.
who's kristin?she works for pbs, i met her when i agreed to do that pledge drive.
did you ask her about me?yeah, in fact she said that you could be one of those people that sits in the back and answers the phone.
giddy-up! alright! so now, how does that work? now, what, i get a percentage of every pledge i bring in, right?no, it's not aluminum siding, it's volunteer work.
 all the money goes to the station.
okay, yeah, alright, that sounds good, but i still get a tote bag though, right?yeah, and one of those foam beer can holders.
 m calling noreen.
oh, go ahead.
you sure you don't mind?like she's really going to admit she was flirting with me.
hello?hi, it's elaine.
 listen, i was just talking to jerry.
jerry?jerry seinfeld.
oh, i like jerry a lot.
you mean like like?what are you talking about?noreen, were you hitting on him?noreen's not here, this is dan.
ooh.
you say that noreen was hitting on jerry seinfeld?uh oh.
so was i right? she likes me, right?oh, i'm sorry mr.
 pitt.
 hello?elaine? what is going on? why did you tell dan i was hitting on jerry seinfeld?is this noreen? what would ever possess you to make up a story like that.
well, listen, jerry mentioned it, and, i don't know--noreen, are you crying?no, this is dan!oh, hi dan.
elaine? work?tell noreen i'll just call her back later.
who was crying?no one.
 i'm sorry mr.
 pitt, that won't happen again.
 t, but someone was crying and i want to know who it was.
well, it's a long story, okay? but my stupid friend jerry told my other friend noreen that she was-- you know, hitting on him and so i called her to see what was, uh, going on and i accidentally got her boyfriend, who is this, you know--i'm jerry seinfeld, i tell jokes for a living, but there's no joking about the financial crisis at pbs.
 show us you care.
 call in your pledge now.
jerry, i am so grateful that you're doing this.
oh, i know you are.
you got the card i sent?i did.
so where is it?what?the card.
 is this it in the trash?no?this is my card, you threw it away.
well--i put a lot of thought into this card.
you signed your name and you addressed the envelope, it's not like you painted the picture and wrote the poem.
fine.
 i gotta get back to the office.
why, because i threw the card out? how long was i supposed to save it?you have no sentimentality.
i have sentimentality, really, i'm sentimental.
 here, look.
 here's some cards i've saved, these are birthday cards from my grandmother, see, i'm not a bad guy.
oh, so you save her cards but not mine! oh great! ll see you at the pledge drive, ok?new cards, huh?no, they're old cards from my grandmother.
oh.
 well, i'll tell you, a nice greeting card can really lift a person's spirits.
yeah.
 oh, a check.
yeah, she puts ten dollars in every card for my birthday, that's why i save them.
there's a check in all these? why don't you cash them?i don't know, it's ten dollars.
but you got a whole pile here.
 ?oh so what.
jerry, your grandmother gave you this gift.
 she wants you to spend the money, to have the fun that she can't have.
 oh, this is tantamount to a slap in the face.
oh, get out of here.
jerry, a gift not enjoyed is like a flower that doesn't blossom.
alright, alright, i'll cash the checks.
yeah.
it was a thank you card from kristin because i'm doing the pbs drive.
 i mean, how long am i supposed to keep it?the rule is a minimum of two days.
you making that up or do you know what you're talking about?i'm making it up.
i mean really, what's the point of saving it? i could see if i had a mantel.
oh, well, a mantel's a whole different story.
absolutely.
if my parents had a mantel, i might be a completely different person.
so anyway, she's kind of upset about it so i need you to do me a favor.
let's have it.
well, i'm doing the pbs show, so during the show they're gonna be running the ken burns baseball thing.
 so i thought if i could get a baseball player to come on the show with me you want me to ask one of the yankees.
could you?alright.
 i'll run it by a few people.
alright, do your thing, where you lie to everyone.
 i should never have made that phone call.
hey, did you ever get to talk to noreen?yes, she's very upset.
so was i right about the flirting? was it true?i don't know, i never asked.
 she was yelling--who was flirting with you?remember when we were in the bookstore, that woman came up to us?she wasn't flirting with you.
oh, sure she was; asked me where the humor section was? humor? come on.
jerry, her brother just had a book of political cartoons published.
alright, so maybe she wasn't flirting with me.
 so what?so, yeah, that's funny.
 hey, you wanna hear something weird? mr.
 pitt eats his snickers bars with a knife and fork.
really?yeah.
why does he do that?he probably doesn't want to get chocolate on his fingers.
 that's the way these society types eat their candy bars.
oh, you know.
what, you think i eat all my meals with you? excuse me, sweetheart? i think you may have overcharged us.
 what is this?that's the extra toast.
 get it?got it.
 did you just see what happened here?what?did you see the way she pointed at the check? she gave me the finger.
that's how waitress types express derision.
 they don't want to get their mouths dirty.
so, what do you think?a pbs fundraiser? i'm not gonna waste any of the players time with that, besides the team already does so much promotion for channel eleven.
channel eleven? forgive me for trying to class up this place, for trying to have the yankees reach another strata of society that might not watch channel eleven.
uh, what the hell are you doing?i am eating my dessert.
 how do you eat it, with your hands?you know, maybe george has something here about pbs.
okay, sixty bucks from nana.
huh? yeah.
hello?hello, this is chemical bank.
 just wanted you to know that your checking account is overdrawn.
chemical bank? i haven't used that account in months.
well, someone's been cashing the checks and you're overdrawn.
oh dear.
 i'll be down there first thing in the morning.
 wait, we can do this over the phone.
you got danny tartabull?!you wanted a yankee, i got you a yankee.
boy, you really came through.
 kristin's gonna be thrilled.
hey, the bull owes me one, i helped him with his swing.
so you're bringing danny tartabull to the fundraiser tonight.
absolutely.
 pending approval of the script.
excuse me?jerry, i'm yankee management.
yeah, i'd like to see the script too.
you're just answering phones!it would put me at ease.
hey, when you order from the waitress, get her to point to the menu.
 i want to see what finger she uses.
uh, say, i wanted a side order of fruit but i didn't see it on the menoh, you're getting it , it comes with your breakfast special.
right you are.
i didn't get the special, but i'd also like the fresh fruit too.
 ll check.
 t believe it, she did it again!oh, she had an itch.
she had an itch.
 she could have used any one of those fingers.
 that finger was meant for me.
by the way, lunch is on me.
 i just cashed my nana's birthday checks.
looking for something, lady?isn't the chemical bank on this block?the bank? it burned.
 it's gone!oh dear.
 hello?jerry? hello.
uncle leo!listen, i don't want to alarm you, but your nana is missing.
nana's missing?i came to pick her up for a doctor's appointment, she wasn't here.
 i called the doctor, nobody knows where she is.
 she hasn't left the apartment in twenty-five years!i've been thinking about her, i just cashed some of her checks.
yeah, that's right.
 you did.
what kind of checks?i think chemical bank.
oh, they were chemical.
chemical?! she hasn't used that account since her branch closed.
 what are you doing cashing her checks anyway?well, kramer thought it would make her happy.
 i never should have cashed those checks!hey, i didn't twist your arm.
your grandmother's on a very fixed income.
 what, are you broke?just call me if you hear anything.
 s missing!well, don't look at me.
it's your fault!my fault? your nana is missing because she's been passing those bum checks all over town and she finally pissed off the wrong people.
so anyway, it's caused a lot of problems.
 dan thinks i'm interested in jerry, he won't let up.
i'm really sorry, but you can see why i'd make a mistake like that.
no, why?well, you know, because he's a high talker.
he does raise his voice occasionally, but that's normal.
no.
 no, no, no, not a loud talker, a high talker.
really?you don't think his voice sounds a lot like yours?i never noticed that.
well, it's no big deal, you know, it's just that he can sound like a woman, you know?great.
 i'm going out with a man who sounds like a woman.
well, he looks like a man.
yeah.
he's bald.
 i know that's a guy thing.
i guess.
i know he belches a lot.
well, that's something.
 so, jerry thought i was flirting with him.
yeah.
 t he?what are you doing?i'm eating this cookie.
no, no, no, but why are you using a knife and a fork? did you justno, i've seen people do it.
 i like it.
this isn't gonna take long, is it?oh no, in and out, i made sure of that.
 and you'll be happy to know i perused the script and it's met with my approval.
i'm sure it's fine.
 hey! watch it! did you see that guy? he just gave me the finger!you sure?oh yeah! middle finger, straight up, at me! at us!what are you doing?i'm following him.
and now i think she might really be interested in you.
 and dan iswould you?any word from nana?no.
nana?yeah, my grandma's missing.
missing?yeah.
 i think it might have something to do with those checks.
um, what does nana sound like?like a grandmother, why?well oh, you hung up on my nana?!i don't know, maybe.
you told nana to drop dead?!it's possible.
yes, it is!alright, alright.
 look, jerry, we gotta get down to pbs, pdq.
alright.
no one gives us the finger! we're yankees!want this last donut?no, you can have it.
jerry, where are all the tote bags?i don't know.
well, i'm not leaving the premises without tote bags.
 i was promised tote bags and tote bags i shall have.
jerry, this man wants to see you.
leo?hello.
uncle leo! what are you doing here?i wanted to tell you that your grandmother is fine.
oh.
she's had quite a day but she's gonna watch you tonight on the tv.
jerry, i'm dying to meet danny tartabull.
 where is he?he'll be here any second.
you know you guys are both on in five minutes.
yeah, yeah.
 okay.
why didn't you tell me you were a little short? here.
 if anybody asks you where you got it, you don't know.
no, that's ok, i really don't need any money.
what are you talking about?please-i want-it's not necessary.
jerry, would you please take it.
i can't, i can't take it.
i want you to have it!uncle leo, i don't want to have it!jerry, take the money!i don't want it!!jerry, open up.
 we need to talk.
who's that?you know what? it sounds like the friend of elaine's that was hitting on me in the book store.
jerry, i'll take care of it.
is jerry in there?well, he can't be disturbed now.
well this situation is driving me crazy.
 he's all i think about.
 i can't get him out of my mind.
i'm sorry.
 i mean, i know what it's like to be in love.
 ties you up in knots.
 and jerry is a very sexy man.
what?look, i'm not judging you.
 in fact, we here at pbs, we have many programs celebrating your lifestyle.
 armistead maupin's tales of the city, gender bending and swinging in san francisco.
 before stonewall about those dark ages when you couldn't come out of the closet, lest you be persecuted because of your, you know.
no, i don't.
 are you danny tartabull?no, i'm not.
i'll take care of this, danny.
excuse me.
what's the problem?i believe you cut me off, and then made an obscene gesture.
i did? where?outside of manhattan, about an hour ago.
wow! is that danny tartabull?that's right, of the new york yankees.
i'd like to shake his hand but i can't.
i'm jerry seinfeld, i tell jokes for a living, but there's no joking about the financial crisis here at pbs.
 our lines are open, so please call the number you see on your screen.
this is the only time this year we'll be asking for donations.
 you've been enjoying ken burns baseball- pbs pledge drive.
hello, i'd like to speak with jerry.
oh, you again.
 buddy, look, forget about jerry.
 it's not gonna happen.
this is his grandmother.
oh, uh, nana.
 hello.
tell jerry i'm sorry, i'm going to have to write him some new checks.
as long as you've got your checkbook out, how about forking a little over to pbs? you watch the station, don't you? you don't want to be a freeloader.
-programs like ken burns baseball.
 and if danny tartabull were here, i'm sure he'd say, that's correct, jerry.
'jerry? i have an announcement.
 your grandmother is on the line.
my nana?and as we speak, she's generously writing pbs a check for fifteen hundred dollars!she can't do that, she's on a very fixed income! stop the show!!i got another card from kristin.
 not quite as chipper as the first one.
wow.
 isn't this little bunny giving you the-yes, he is.
you should show this to georgie.
yeah.
 s your knife and fork.
look, she's cutting up an almond joy.
i just don't get it.
you know, i saw someone on the street eating m&ms with a spoon.
what is wrong with everybody? re all doing it! what is wrong with all you people?! have you all gone mad?!! good shave today  m fine.
i'm thinkin of lettin my sideburns grow in a little can we rest here a second.
 yeah, i guess.
 so how's noreen?mmm! she's got a new boyfriend: paul.
already? that was fast i assume he's not a high talker no, but he has the worst habit.
 whenever he answers the phone, he won't put noreen right on.
 ya have'ta go through, like, ten minutes of chit-chat.
a long talker.
yeah! and he is so boring! but now, whenever he answers the phone: i just hang up.
 s move it out.
hey, isn't that george's father?oh, yeah, it is! shall we say hello?i've never seen him in manhattan before; it's weird.
 so out of context.
that man he's with: is he wearing a cape?i believe he is wearing a cape.
why is mr.
 costanza with a man in a cape?well, it is good cape weather.
 cool.
 breezy.
yeah, why a cape? who wears a cape? where do you even get a cape?you're right; it is strange.
 in fact, let's cross to the other side of the street.
 cover me.
just, uh, plop it on the counter there.
oh! i got a message.
  that sounds urgent let me call him back hello? who is this? donna chang? oh, i'm sorry, i must o dialed the wrong number.
donna chang? ve talked to her; i love chinese women.
isn't that a little racist?if i like their race, how can that be racist? hellooo?? oh, is this donna chang again?! yyy-yes, i am calling george oh, the lines are crossed! you're getting his calls.
 well, what do you know?!so listen hi.
 i'm goin through this stuff like water he's on with a chinese woman.
oooo, ooooo.
 you know, i dig asian women.
you got a comfort problem there?no, i think these jockeys shrunk.
i thought you wore silk underwear.
no, no, n--well, you know, i wore em for about a month but i couldn't stick with it.
 no, i need the secure packaging of jockeys.
 my boys need a house! t wear briefs.
 boxers are much better for your sperm count.
sperm count? well how many ssssperm should i have?a lot!i got a date!with the chinese woman?!she knew who i was! she saw me in a club one time! my first date ever with the pacific rim.
 i'm very excited.
jerry.
 did ya ever have your sperm count checked?no, why should i? i wear boxers.
you ever get a woman pregnant?i'm sorry, kramer.
 those records are permanently sealed what would you say if i told you i never impregnated a woman?really? you never slipped one past the goalie in all these years?? boy, i'm surprised.
 you've slept with a lot of women!a lot of em! m depleted??!!well, i'm sure you're not totally depleted.
yeah but what if i am? i'm the last male kramer! we're facing extinction!so go to a fertility clinic.
 have your sperm count checked.
yeah, but then i'd have to well, you know into a cup in the middle of the day??what, does that conflict with your regular schedule? m gonna try noreen again.
i am very excited about this date! we're goin to hunan balcony!she's chinese so you suggest chinese food?she suggested it!i thought chinese don't eat chinese she's very assimilated.
paul again? t get one ring past him.
hey, hey, hey! you don't call me back?!i tried! your line's crossed with a chinese woman! huh?hey, george, we saw your father on the street before.
hmm, what's he doin in the city today?you didn't ask him? t say hello?well, he was with someone.
 a man in a cape.
why was he wearing a cape?was my father wearing a cape?no.
 jacket and tie: no cape.
huh cape the results of your sperm test are in.
oh?ummm are you planning to start a family?yes! i would like to very much! well, i'm low, aren't i? i ca--i can feel it! yes, i'm afraid you're a little low.
ohhh, maaan!! it's over! the kramer name is finished! i'm never goin to procreate--ah--that's not necessarily true.
whatthere are measures you can take to improve your fertility.
all right, all right.
 what.
 what.
 you tell me; i'll do anything.
 come on, doc, tell me.
first thing: you should wear boxer shorts.
all the time?all the time.
 ya have to get off jockeys right away.
yeah, but i've always worn jockeys.
hi paul! it's elaine calling! yeah, i'm calling from a car phone so i don't really have time to talk.
 is, is, uh, noreen there?! oh.
 she's not?! please let me know when the rest of your party has arrived, sir.
yes, i will.
 do you mind?no, go ahead, i second-hand smoke two packs a day.
jerry.
 scuse me?hi.
 sorry i'm late.
who are you?i'm donna chang  w-what do you mean?i mean: i'm donna chang.
 re donna chang?did you think i was chinese? oh.
 no.
 what, you mean because of the chang'?actually, the family name wasn't originally chang.
i didn't think so.
used to be changstein.
'she's not chinese?no.
 not chinese.
 not even asian.
so.
 what is she?well, she's like you.
 well, it's false advertising, see? and the thing is, i think she likes people thinkin she's chinese.
 she suggests chinese food.
 she always introduces herself as donna chang' so then why are you seeing her again well, she is a woman.
listen, i spoke to paul an noreen.
 they might be breakin up.
really? well, maybe.
hey, wouldn't it be funny if paul an noreen broke up because o you kept hangin up on him? what do you mean?well, you know if paul thought it was some guy hangin up because he was having an affair with noreen?here, take my jockey shorts.
whoa! whoa!here, what is that?!!look, you gotta help me.
 i have to get off jockey shorts.
wha--you have a low sperm count?very low! come on, jerry.
 take em.
nnnoo--i don't want em.
 jerry, look! you gotta help me! i can't have em near me! if i have one pair in my house, i'm gonna wear them!look! i don't want em!all it takes is one pair! now, come on! j--i'm not gonna be able to sleep if those are in the house!boxers! how do you wear these things!! look at that--they're baggin up, they're rising in! an there's nothing holding me in place! i'm flippin'! i'm floppin'!what am i gonna do!? jerry! i'm goin crazy in these things!  m gonna have to move now.
ya know what i like about manhattan? there's no mosquitoes.
plenty of mosquitoes.
queens is full of mosquitoes.
so, dad gnats, too.
 if i'm not mistaken.
 dad! i heard you were in the city the other day! your mother has to tell you every move i make?!jerry and elaine saw you.
they didn't say hello?well, they were in a rush.
they couldn't just say hello?! oh, to hell with them.
they, uh said you were with some guy who was wearing a cape? elaine, i can see, not sayin hello.
 she's very--what's the word--uh, supercilious.
so dad,-- how could jerry not say hello?!!did they uncross the lines yet?no, they can't find the problem.
 it's really getting ridicurous.
 ?ridiculous.
 hey-- oh, what are you doing here?oh, i wanted to talk to you--i'm sorry, i--didn't know you m george.
oh! hi! i just spoke to your mother before.
you spoke to my mother?she was trying to call you, but--the rines are crossed?did you say, the rines are crossed?'did i? s so sweet.
 we talked for an hour! yeah.
anyway, i'm really sorry.
sorry? why sorry? what you got to be sorry about?well, she told me she and your father are getting divorced.
ay, divorced.
 that's really too bad yeah, you know it's a shame his parents didn't get divorced thirty years ago.
 he could have been normal.
oh my god! s twice as many visits!gee, i never thought of that.
imagine if i had to see them both on the same day? a double marathon!hey georgie, did you have any idea that anything was wrong?have you ever spent any time with these people ?you know what this has to do with?what?the man in the cape--i bet you he is mixed up in this! i don't trust men in capes.
and you can't cast aspersions on someone just because they're wearin a cape superman wore a cape an i'll be damned if i'm gonna stand here an let you say something bad about him.
all right superman's the exception.
oh, hey! elaine, i just heard that noreen and paul are breaking up.
 i want you to put in a good word for me.
 ve always had a thing for noreen.
no, kramer.
 you don't understand.
 this could be my fault.
well, if she's available now, i'm not gonna let her slip through my fingers this time.
 nooope.
 well it looks like you've adjusted to the boxers wellll, i wouldn't go as far as that.
you went back to the jockeys?wrong again.
 oh, no.
what? what? don't you see what's goin on here??? no boxers, no jockeys  eeaawww the only thing between him and us is a thin layer of gabardine kramer, say it isn't so.
oh, it be so.
 i'm out there, jerry, an i'm lllovin every minute of it!!!don't you need a little help?surprisingly, no.
 i'm freee, i'm unfettered so you guys are tryin to work it out! that's great! yeah, well we're trying but he just went insane there for a while oh, he went insane? believe it or not, paul was convinced i was having an affair because somebody kept calling and hanging up whenever he answered! what kind of a sick person calls and hangs up over and over? t want to speak to them, ah! t believe that was you  m really sorry, noreen  so you thought he was boring?hey, noreen, don't go by me! ha ha.
what are you doin to this woman?! this is the second relationship you've ruined for her in a few weeks!! i know--first you ruin her relationship with the high talker.
well i got confused, they sound exactly the same.
so she breaks up with him.
 somehow picks up the pieces of her life.
 miraculously meets a new guy! ya bust that up! an then, just as they're reconciling, you announce to the world: he's boring.
 d take it so seriously.
well, apparently you have a tremendous influence over this woman: anything you say she does!yeah.
it's donna chang.
 well, i guess i just didn't realize it well, let's look back at your history with this woman.
 okay? okay first, you encouraged her to join the army she did.
she was lost then, you suggest she goes awol! she did!well, she didn't seem to be havin so much fun you know you better make sure and never tell this woman to jump off the brooklyn bridge if i have this much influence over her, why don't i just call her an tell her to get back together with him--that's aalll!hi.
oh, miss changstein! this is elaine helllo --elaine: hi! how are you?) re not getting divorced.
 oh.
why? what happened?well, she was trying to call george last night, she got me, we spoke for an hour and she changed her mind!!!wow! that's amazing!anyway, she wants to meet me! she invited me over for dinner! huh.
she said you should come too.
tonight?yeah--i just remembered, i'm gonna have to cancel my acupuncture class.
 all right.
 re out of your mind!!! re not getting divorced.
your mother changed her mind  m very glad to hear that.
yeah, we worked it out.
all right.
 so let me ask you a question.
 who was the man in the cape?he was my lawyer.
your lawyer wears a cape ?yeah.
 so what?who wears a cape?he's very independent; he doesn't follow the trends.
he looks ridiculous in that thing  you have no eye for fashion!!! i have no eye for fashion?!?!?!all right! come on! let's not fight.
all right! all right!georgie's right.
  so what made you change your mind?it was that chinese woman.
so i'm curious.
 what'd you tell mrs.
 costanza that changed her mind?i mentioned a few bits of wisdom from confucius.
confucius, huh?yeah.
 re not chinese hey! i heard the good news!jerry, how come you didn't say hello to me the other day, huh?!elaine was in a rush.
 i knew it was elaine!!you must be estelle.
 yes.
 who are you ?i'm donna chang! re not chinese!y'ello?paul?elaine!kramer? yeahh!what are you doin there?wellll, isn't it obvious? uh, is noreen there?yes she is  well can i talk to her?oh, what? am i tooo boring for you? alright--would you just put her on?well, i feel that it would be best that you didn't talk to noreen for a while you feel?that's right! she an i have had a very long talk.
 an i was appalled to learn of the destructive influence you've had over her life, lo these many years what, are you insane?!from now on, i'll be calling the shots around here uh! ho-ho.
 an what are you gonna tell her?well.
 i've encouraged her to go back into the army ll have qualified officers telling her what to do  kramer! you have got to let me talk to her!can't help ya, kid.
get the-- you're not chinese!?!? no.
i thought you were chinese!!i'm from long island.
long island?!?! i thought i was gettin advice from a chinese woman!!i'm sorry ?well then that changes everything!what?!she's not chinese; i was duped!!so what?! she still gave you advice; what's the difference if she's not chinese?!?!i'm not taking advice from some girl from long island!!  s from long island?!?! you want a divorce?!!? you got one!!! your name so, ever since she started dating kramer, she won't even talk to me!well--noreen listened to you like george's mother listened to the chinese.
  t get away with that in any other restaurant.
 t get away with that in any other restaurant.
yeah, no one's reading any rolled-up messages in a knish oh, it had to happen!!hey.
i knew it!! ]  who are you?!i'm frank costanza's lawyer.
 so, she got you to join a book club?i got a feeling i'm gonna be much smarter than you pretty soon.
well, i think that statement alone reflects your burgeoning intelligence.
 hey, what about this one?nah, i don't like that one.
so, what's your first book?'breakfast at tiffany's.
 pages.
 it's kinda old, isn't it?they wanted to read a truman capote book.
oh, sure truman capote.
he's a great writer.
oh, yeah.
did you ever read anything by him?no.
 you?nah.
oh, what about this one? look at this, this is it! this is what i'm looking for.
 oh, yeah!hey, what's going on?new couch, baby!new couch? why?i love this couch.
 you know what the best part about it is? it doesn't fold out, so no one can sleep over.
hello.
hello.
oh, let me get the door for you.
 ooh, be careful!wait till you see it, it's perfect.
 the guy told me it's one of a kind, they stopped making it.
what are you doing with your old couch?nothing, the moving guys are taking it.
 why, you want it?yeah, i'll take it.
well, i'm sure that they can deliver it to your apartment.
yes, they can.
 hey! couch is comin.
'it's here!alright! yeah.
 you know, i'm excited about this, jerry.
 in a way, i feel like i'm getting a new couch.
yeah.
 so do i.
ooh! remember poppie?oh, you mean from poppie's restaurant?yeah, yeah.
 anyway, uh we're going into business together.
 remember that idea i had a few years ago about the pizza place where you make your own pizza?yeah.
what was that again?it's a pizza place where you make your own pie! we give you the dough, the sauce, the cheese you pound it, slap it, you flip it up into the air you put your toppings on and you slide it into the oven! sounds good, huh?ooh, i can't wait to get me a fella and make mah own pie!what made you resurrect that old idea?well, i happened to be eating at poppie's when i told him the old idea, and his eyes - waaaaaah! - just lit up.
 you know, he wants to back it.
i heard poppie's was good, let's go.
i'm not goin there.
 didn't he get busted by the board of health?that was in the past, jerry.
 as it happens, new york magazine just judged his kitchen to be one of the cleanest in the city.
 they got a duck there, you think you died and went to heaven.
ooh! i love duck.
 c'mon, c'mon!yeah, but you gotta order it two days in advance.
 m gonna order the duck for you.
oh, kramer, i -right there, guys.
 that's perfect.
 ah? whatta ya think, lainie?well, i don't know.
 i'll have to sit on it.
oh no, i don't want anyone sitting on it.
sign here.
excuse me, i was wondering if would it be possible if you could deliver the old couch to my apartment? it's not very far.
sure.
'kay.
 you, uh you got room in the truck for me?yeah, i think we can squeeze you in.
oh, goody.
 okay, well uh did you offer those guys a drink?uh, no.
 should i have?what kind of a person are you?i don't know.
okay.
 breakfast at tiffany's.
 so, he puts the couch down, and just as he's about to leave he says, do you date moving men?'ah ha you wanna know what i said?i can't wait.
'i do now.
'clever.
is that something?yes.
is that something?you're something.
 so anyway, when they were in my house before, i didn't offer them anything to drink.
well, they're real men, jerry.
 they get sweaty.
so, anyone sweaty comes into your house has to be offered a drink?yes.
well, would you apologize for me? hello! jerry, so good to see you again! hello, poppie.
 this is elaine.
nice to meet you, poppie.
let me show you to your table.
 your duck is cooking as we speak.
 it is so succulent so succulent!well, kramer told us all about your business venture together.
your friend and i are going to make a lot of money.
 of course, i already have a lot of money.
 poppie does very well very well.
well, your mother must be very proud of you.
my mother was taken from my house by the communists in the middle of the night when i was ten years old.
 she was sent to a slave labor camp, where she labored for twelve years.
 finally, they released her and she was on a boat to america to re-unite with us but she was served some bad fish, and she died on the high seas.
so, what's good tonight?boy, i'm really looking forward to this duck.
 i've never had food ordered in advance before.
ah, i could've stayed home and ordered a pizza from paccino's.
paccino's? oh no.
 you should never order pizza from paccino's.
why not?because, the owner contributes a lot of money to those fanatical, anti-abortion groups.
so, you won't eat the pizza?no way.
really.
yeah.
well, what if poppie felt the same way?well, i guess i wouldn't eat here, then.
really!yeah.
 that's right.
well, perhaps we should inquire.
 poppie! oh, poppie.
 could i have a word? yes, jerry.
 i just checked your duck it is more succulent than even i had hoped.
poppie, i was just curious where do you stand on the abortion issue?when my mother was abducted by the communists, she was with child oh, boy.
 but the communists, they put an end to that! so, on this issue there is no debate! and no intelligent person can think differently.
well poppie.
 i think differently.
and what gives you the right to do that?the supreme court gives me the right to do that! let's go jerry, c'mon.
i heard that.
 let's go, henry.
but we just got here i'm with you, poppie!let's go!and i am not coming back!you're not welcome!well, i'm certainly glad i brought it up.
 well, you should have seen it.
 it was quite a scene over there.
i'm sorry i missed it.
oh, you really missed something.
 and i have to say it was pretty much all my fault.
 ?oh pretty good.
so, what's it about?well, it's about holly go-lightly.
holly go-lightly.
yeah, she's quite a character.
yes, you haven't read a page, have you?no.
big surprise.
i couldn't.
 you know, if it's not about sports, i find it very hard to concentrate.
you're not very bright, are you?no, i'm not.
 i would like to be, but i'm not.
 what am i gonna do? the book club meets in a few days.
why don't you rent the movie?'why don't i rent the movie.
 see, this is when i like you.
 alright, now i'm relieved.
 so how was the dinner last night?oh well did you enjoy the duck? oh, elaine! i was just asking how dinner went last night.
oh well alright, what did you do to poppie?nothing.
well, he's in the hospital.
 and the cook says you put him there.
what's wrong with him?i don't know! i'm gonna go and visit him later.
 we should get him something.
yeah.
 you're right.
do you know that i have been using the same bottle of shampoo for a year? and i shampoo every day.
 so, what do you think of my conversation?not much! t have any furniture.
you don't have any furniture?no, i hate furniture.
 i can't look at it.
 well, i can understand that.
 pretty good date, huh?yeah! no heavy lifting.
 anyway, jerry and elaine felt very badly about what happened to you, and they wanted you to have this.
what's this? a bottle of wine and a five-alarm chili? they're trying to kill poppie?!why, what ?don't they know i have a gastro-intestinal disorder? if i would have any of this, i would die.
 then poppie's no good to anyone! this is a sick, sick joke on poppie.
 how could you be friends with those two?well, we're not very close.
they owe me for those ducks.
 they were flown in from newfoundland.
oh, they got good ducks there, huh?oh, very good ducks.
i'm in looove!whoa!this is it, jerry! this is it! he is such an incredible person! he's real, he's honest, he's unpretentious oh, i'm really lucky!did you tell him i was sorry i didn't offer him the drink?no, i forgot.
 and, the best part is, he doesn't play games.
 you know? there are no games! no games? what is the point of dating without games? how do you know if you're winning or losing?well, all i know is, he doesn't like games and he doesn't play games, you know? he has too much character and integrity.
ah ha.
 and what is his stand on abortion?what?what is his stand on abortion?well, i'm sure he's pro-choice.
how do you know?because he, well he's just so good-looking.
well, you should probably ask, because if he's gonna be coming over with those paccino's pizzas could be trouble.
i'd like to rent breakfast at tiffany's.
uh, this is out.
 someone has it.
out? oh no, i've been to four other places, you're the only ones that have had it.
well, i could put it on reserve for you, if you'd like.
maybe we could call them and ask them to return it.
oh, sorry.
 we can't do that.
well, maybe they're done with it.
 i could go pick it up.
i don't think so.
 it doesn't work that way.
yes?uh, excuse me, are you joe temple?yes.
uh, yes, uh you don't know me, my name is george costanza did you happen to rent breakfast at tiffany's?hey.
hey, what's happenin.
'well, you know, poppie's over at my place.
 tonight's the big night.
 i'm gonna make the first test pizza at the restaurant.
you got a regular manhattan project going on over there.
yeah.
 anyway, he's about to leave, he wants the duck money.
 okay.
 hi, poppie.
hello.
i'm sorry about the gift, i didn't know about your condition.
that's fine.
 if you just give me my duck money, i'll be on my way.
okay.
 i'll get it.
 why don't you sit down, poppie? you're still recuperating.
 what, are you tired, poppie?no.
hey, poppie you really think people wanna make their own pizza?kramer, did i ever tell you about my mother? my mother -here you go.
 the the the what?  the the so long.
 i'll see you tonight.
kramer, kramer, what is this?!what is what?this puddle on my sofa!what puddle?that puddle! i don't know.
is it ? could it ? could he have ? it is! poppie peed on my sofa!!are you sure?well, what is it then?! my new sofa! poppie peed on my new sofa!i'm sure it'll come out.
i don't care if it comes out, i can't sit on that anymore!ah, you're making too much of it.
yeah, you're right.
 it's just a natural human function happens to be on my sofa, instead of in the toilet, where it would normally be.
right!well, anyway, the book club meets tomorrow, mr.
 temple.
well, i was going to watch it with my daughter.
 she likes audrey hepburn very much.
she was a delicate flower.
why didn't you just read the book?well, as i say, the pink-eye made my vision quite blurry remy, this is george.
 would you mind if he watched breakfast at tiffany's with us? hi.
hi.
 i missed you.
oh, i missed you!i don't remember the last time i felt this way.
me, either!i think about you all the time.
you do?do you think about me?oh yeah, all the time, all the time although, recently i've been thinking about this friend of mine.
what friend?oh, just this woman she got impregnated by her troglodytic half-brother, and decided to have an abortion.
 you know, someday we're going to get enough people in the supreme court to change that law.
so, anything to uh, nosh?what did you want?popcorn?popcorn? where do you think you are?well, a lot of people keep popcorn in the house.
well, we don't.
you might want to try it makes the movie more enjoyable, that's all.
here's some nuts.
oh! nuts! excellent! you know what i love? how there's two nuts named after people.
 hazel and filbert.
can we watch the movie now, daddy? hey, let's turn off the lights, get some real movie atmosphere.
'the lights are fine.
 see, anybody can do this.
 use your wrist! it's all in the wrist.
 not too high!alright, put a little sauce on here some cheese not too much!and cucumbers! wait a second what is that?it's cucumbers.
no, no.
 you can't put cucumbers on a pizza.
well, why not? i like cucumbers.
that's not a pizza.
 it'll taste terrible.
but that's the idea, you make your own pie.
yes, but we cannot give the people the right to choose any topping they want! now on this issue there can be no debate!what gives you the right to tell me how i would make my pie?because it's a pizza!it's not a pizza until it comes out of the oven!it's a pizza the moment you put your fists in the dough!no, it isn't!yes, it is!i'm home.
hey, honey.
hi, mom.
hi, baby.
 s?yeah.
well, i just came back from angela's, it's not looking very good for duncan.
aw, that's too bad.
yeah, the doctor thinks it's just a matter of time -joe could you poor guy, i hate to see him suffer like this you know, i'm sorry, i i hate to be one of those people, but we're right in the middle of this thing i can't hear.
who are you?this is george costanza.
this is very hard to follow with all the talking.
i'll pause it, okay? any more grape juice? who is this guy?he's in some book club.
and what's he doing here?cheating on his test.
 so, we watching the movie, or are we still talking? s go.
what?c'mon, you took my seat.
it's not your seat.
i was sitting there, c'mon.
you didn't save it.
i had the arm! joe what's the difference?well, i was very comfortable! i've got my nuts here it's my couch.
alright, c'mon, scooch over.
 look! look what you did! you got grape juice all over our couch, you've ruined our couch! joe oh my god.
you see?!so, you're gonna get a new couch?well, i guess i have no choice.
do you want your old couch back?i was hoping you'd offer.
 yeah?it's the movers.
'kay.
 who's that?your boyfriend, he's taking it out.
no, no, he's not my boyfriend.
why?take a guess.
oh, really.
 hi.
hi.
hey carl, i also need you to go to elaine's and bring my old couch back.
today?could you?sure.
what are you doing with this couch?george is taking it.
did you tell him it was peed on?he said he doesn't care, he'll just turn the cushion over.
i'm sorry you feel that way, elaine.
yeah, me too.
it's just too bad.
yeah.
 it is.
well, i better get this couch back to jerry's.
can i offer you anything to drink?yeah, sure.
all i've got is grape juice.
throw it!the couch!she didn't want the constraints of any relationship, that's why she got rid of the cat.
 the most important thing in holly's life was her independence.
well, not really.
 after all, she did get together with george peppard.
 i mean, fred.
george fred's gay.
i cannot believe lindsay's still seeing you after that breakfast at tiffany's thing.
i think she finds my stupidity charming.
as we all do.
yeah, anyway, she's uh, having some kind of a family lunch, i'll swing by after.
oh, so you're gonna meet the mother?yeah, i'll zip in, how do you do?', zip out.
 she'll love me.
you're good with the mothers.
y'know, i'm better with the mothers than i am with the daughters.
maybe you should date the mothers.
well, if i could talk to the mothers and have sex with the daughters, then i'd really have something goin'.
oh, you got something goin'.
yeah.
 hey.
hey! hey, you got a hammer?what do you need a hammer for?well, i got this new poster.
 -d art? computers generate em.
oh, yeah! i wanna see that.
 bring it over.
no, no, i don't have it now.
 i gotta pick it up at mr.
 pitt's.
 elaine was framing a bunch of stuff for him, so she did me a favor.
 what, you wanna take a ride?nah, i don't think so.
 george, you wanna go for a ride? nah.
oh, come on!hey, could you wait until the man finishes?all right, i've had it with you two.
 hey, guess what? remember that woman you saw me with the other day? you know, she used to be an olympic gymnast?a gymnast!yeah, she's romanian, she won a silver at the olympics.
a gymnast, jerry.
 think of the flexibility.
 mmm, that sex'll melt your face.
yeah, well, i think i'm bailing.
 ?yeah, you know, kramer, there's always a price to pay for just a sexual dalliance.
jerry, you should pay that price.
she's romanian.
 what am i gonna talk to her about, ceausescu?ch- oo- what? t tell me she was a gymnast.
 what is this?what, i'm puttin my shirt back on.
 ? what was it doing off?i take it off when i go to the, uh, y'know, to the office'.
 what for?well, it frees me up.
 no encumbrances.
unbuttoned, or all the way off?all the way, baby!of course.
 yeow! whoa.
what, again? kramer, if you keep getting these attacks, you should see the doctor and have it checked out.
 yeah, yeah, yeah  you always take the shirt off?always.
boy, i tell ya', knowing you is like going out in the jungle.
 i never know what i'm going to find next, and i'm real scared.
elaine, i need you to proofread this report for my meeting with the poland creek bottled water people.
what meeting?i told you.
 i sit on the board of trustees for morgan springs, and we're trying to acquire poland creek.
oh!  are you using a fountain pen?yes?they smear! under no circumstances is ink to be used in this office.
all right! i'll use a pencil, mr.
 pitt.
elaine?come in, come in!yeah.
 yah, huh?ah, right there, yeah.
 s kramer, it's  kramer, kramer, can you do this at home? i've got, i've got work to do, okay?oh, these are nice corners, huh?elaine, did i hear oh, this is very odd.
 em.
 big computers.
yes, i've heard about these.
 how do they work?well, you blur your eyes like you're starin straight through the picture.
 and you keep your eyes unfocused.
 and then oh, oh, oh, yeah!i don't see it.
yeah, it's a spaceship, surrounded by planets, asteroids i still don't see it.
okay, kramer, that's enough.
 mr.
 pitt has got work to do.
ya ever dream in -d? it's like the boogeyman is comin right at you.
a spaceship, where? waahh! oh, mama!kramer, what's wrong?mama!kramer, kramer, are you okay?i think i gotta go to the doctor! oh, mama! how long does it usually take?oh, george, it is so nice to finally meet you.
 and i'm sorry we've kept lindsay so long.
mother oh, no, no, not at all.
 no, i have always felt that the most important thing in the world is spending time with family.
oh? are you and your family close? very close, yes.
 almost painfully close.
mother, i'm going to walk nana and aunt phyllis to the elevator.
 george, do you mind waiting just one more minute?mind? why would i mind? i would love to wait! s do this again real soon.
 i had fun, huh?can i offer you anything to eat?oh, no no no, i'm fine.
 let me help you with these dishes, huh?oh no, george, you don't have to no, i know i don't have to, i want to.
george, you are such a gentleman.
i'd argue if i could, mrs.
 enright.
 here we go, all right.
 oh  mrs.
 enright! mrs.
 enright! s a spaceship! that is so cool!where is it? right here.
i'm looking there!no, no, unfocus.
i am unfocused! s here to pick you up and take you to the meeting.
 meeting?yeah, the poland creek merger?why don't you go for me?how can i go?oh, all they're gonna do is read the report.
mr.
 pitt, i do not think that is such a good idea.
oh, damn this thing! ve been some dictator.
oh yes.
 he was not shy about dictating.
he, uh, he must've been dictating first thing in the morning.
 i want a cup of coffee and a muffin!'and you could not refuse.
no, you'd have to be crazy.
he was a very bad dictator.
yes.
 very bad.
 very, very bad.
so lemme get this straight: you find yourself in the kitchen.
 you see an &eacute;clair, in the receptacle.
 and you think to yourself, what the hell, i'll just eat some trash.
'no, no.
 no, no, no.
 it was not trash!was it in the trash?yes.
then it was trash.
it wasn't down in, it was sort of on top.
but it was in the cylinder!above the rim.
adjacent to refuse, is refuse.
it was on a magazine! and it still had the doily on.
was it eaten?one little bite.
well, that's garbage.
but i know who took the bite.
 it was her aunt!well, you, my friend, have crossed the line that divides man and bum.
 you are now a bum.
hey!hey.
what's with you?i got a stone.
what stone?a kidney stone.
what is that, anyway?it's a, it's a stony mineral concretion, formed abnormally in the kidney.
 and this jagged shard of calcium pushes its way through the ureter into the bladder.
 it's forced out through the urine!oh, that's gotta hurt.
our shareholders have given basic approval for the merger, including the stock swap.
ah.
 the stock swap'.
 let's swap some stock.
 and if you'll just give this to mr.
 pitt, and tell him we expect to be in full-scale production by the spring.
all right.
 s the name of the new company gonna be?moland spring.
 ?yes, we combined morgan and poland.
yeah, i know, but moland'? i wouldn't drink anything called moland'.
but it was mr.
 pitt's idea.
oh! well, ah, what's in a name? i mean, water's water.
 right? ve got to do something about that name.
 m back in, she gave me a second chance.
good for you.
yes, good for me!y'know what you should do now? get her some flowers, smooth it out.
yes, flowers.
 i will get her flowers, i will go to the florist! kramer, are you still on this? i've seen gymnasts.
 i know what they do.
 it's not going to make any difference.
jerry, what is your problem?kramer, y'know, guys like you, with no conscience, don't know what it's like for guys like me.
 i'm in the unfortunate position of having to consider people's feelings.
all right, jerry--are you familiar with the kama sutra?no.
tantric yoga?no.
jerry, you stand on the threshold to the magical world of sensual delights that most men dare not dream of!boy, you can really talk some trash.
 s better than eating it.
all right, all right, why don't we just watch the tape? all right.
did you pass your stone yet?not yet.
 but the suspense is killing me.
 s her!oh yeah.
 oh yeah, that's her.
 ll take that as a yes.
 well, here we are.
yes.
 we are here.
how did you stay on that beam like that? s only this wide!i can balance myself in any position.
it is amazing after years of training how one can contort one's body.
 of course, it is only useful in gymnastics.
oh boy i couldn't believe it.
 uh, i mean i thought i was entering a magical world of sensual delights, but it was just so ordinary.
 i mean, there was nothing gymnastic about it.
well, what did you think she was gonna do?well, you know.
 i mean i dunno.
no, what?well, obviously i prefer not to mention any, you know what did you think, she was going to take some of that chalk and you see, now i really don't want to get into this, any kind of specifics oh, come on.
 one thing? one thing! what?well frankly, i thought, you know, i was gonna kinda be like the apparatus.
you mean like the uneven parallel bars?see, again, i really don't feel that the balance beam?could we stop? not the pommel horse?all right.
 let's just drop it.
so lemme ask you this: how long would you say i have to put in now because of, you know, last night.
i dunno, at least three weeks.
 oh, great.
jerry, that is such small potatoes.
 i think that i may have single-handedly put the kibosh on the big water merger.
between poland and morgan?yeah.
 started a big name controversy.
kramer! the stone!what happened, did you pass the stone? t make it.
 hey! what the hell was that?!i'm sorry! i'm terribly sorry! i- i-clean that up!oh, sure.
 of course.
 s gonna be fine.
 here we go.
 look at this shine.
 look at this sparkle.
 mrs.
 enright! mrs.
 enright! strike two!you think i'm going down?you're behind in the count.
i know.
 hey, what are you doing later?i'm going out with katya, thanks to you.
well, maybe you should try again.
 you know what happens the first time: people are a little shy, a little reticent.
if i do it again, that extends my payment book another two weeks.
all right, where you going?we're going to the circus.
 one of her old olympic teammates is an acrobat.
 i don't even feel like going out.
well, jerry, it's your obligation.
 c'mon.
yeah, well, y'know what? if i gotta go, and spend time with this girl, then you're coming with me, dr.
 cyclops!no, no, no, i don't wanna go to the circus, jerry.
yeah, well you're going.
yeah, but i'm afraid of clowns! t send you over there to complain about the name.
well, i couldn't help it.
 moland spring'?i like the name moland'.
 i picked it out.
 after all those months of negotiating!well, i'm so sorry! i-well, i'm going riding.
 i haven't been on jenny for three days, all because of this blasted painting.
 elaine?oh, sorry.
 hello? wait a minute! wait a minute.
 ah!so, jerry, you're enjoying the circus?'greatest show on earth'!my father used to take me to the circus.
 when the elephants came by, he would scream curses at them, blaming them for all the ills of society.
well, they certainly take up a lot of space.
ah, misha!katya!misha, this is jerry.
ah, yes.
 the co-me-dian', eh?   mr.
 pitt! m on to something!mr.
 pitt! the board of directors is on the phone.
 they've called an emergency meeting.
 they want you to be there to discuss the merger!you said keep your eyes out of focus, which is misleading.
 you want deep focus! mr.
 pitt, you have got to stop staring at that poster!i see something that could be a spaceship.
 is it round? is it pointy? mr.
 pitt, you have to meet with the shareholders, you have to leave now.
 do you hear me? do you hear me?!hmm, what's happened to me? s the meeting?in about twenty minutes.
oh! do i have time to change?um, no.
well, excuse me, i'd better get straight over there.
uh, mr.
 pitt yes?um, there's a just  is that ink?no?well, here we are.
do you want to come in? my mother's having a little party.
maybe i could just use the bathroom.
sure.
 ladies and gentlemen, could i direct your attention to the center ring, where the incomparable misha will balance ten stories above the circus floor on a wire no wider than a human thumb.
it is time.
well, break a leg.
eh, show biz ladies and gentlemen, the incomparable misha!boy, those capes are really coming back.
 s mesmerizing.
what is that sound? it is horrible!whew! anybody see that poster in there? that is weird, wild stuff, huh? whew!i have been accused of wrong-doing.
 but these false accusations will not deter us.
 we will annex poland by the spring, at any cost! and our stock will rise high! he'll be all right.
 i must go and be with misha now.
 i don't want you to come with me.
oh, why not?it has been three days since our night together.
 misha said that was all the time i needed to put in.
really?in my country, they speak of a man so virile, so potent, that to spend a night with such a man is to enter a world of such sensual delights most women dare not dream of.
 this man is known as the comedian'.
 you may tell jokes, mr.
 jerry seinfeld, but you are no comedian.
 o.
k.
 cowboys, ll you have?i'll have the, ah, turkey club without the bacon.
and ah, i'll have the bacon club without the turkey.
 george, don't make me get tough with you.
why, you think you can, beat me up?you wouldn't want me to mess up the beautiful face of yours.
huh, nggh [snort] stop.
 you don't want bacon i'll surprise you.
 wow, is she not terrific?she does have a way.
you think she thinks i have a beautiful face, or is she just saying that?well they do work on tips.
'george, don't make me get tough with you.
 whu, hu, hu, hu huuuu who says that? she is really cool.
 what do you think? you think she likes me?ah, i should have got the egg white omelet.
why should she like me? who am i? huh, there's a million people to like.
the omelet.
 damn.
maybe she could like me? is it that far fetched? maybe she sees something? is it possible?no.
no.
not possible.
not possible.
heyyyyyy hey elaine.
lannie, how was the trip?what trip? you were gone?i went to england with mr.
 pitt, for days.
hunh, pph how was it?actually it was great.
 i met an englishman, and we really, hit it off.
yeah, well that relationships really got a lot of potential.
he he yeah well jerome, i, happen to be flying him in on my frequent flyer miles.
flying him in? how long's he staying for?it's an open ended ticket.
 he can return any time he wants.
all this in days.
 hmm.
oh no, it's kenny bania.
who's he? s this awful comedian.
hey jerry.
hey kenny.
 elaine, george hi.
 hi hi.
 how's it going?great.
 i've been working out.
 went from a size , to a .
no kidding.
yeah, i'm huge all right.
o.
k.
 thanks.
oh.
 jerry, you know what just hit me? i was thinking -- what size suit are you?ahh, i'm a .
 why?i just got a brand new armani suit -- doesn't fit me anymore.
 you want it?well i don't know if i oh come on.
 why should it just sit in the closet?an armani suit?take the suit.
well ok, i guess you gonna be home later?yeah.
i'll drop it off.
 heh heh heh hey, new suit yeah, yeah, lucky me.
  s not even on the menu.
 oh, this is fabulous.
boy, she is nice.
 i like her, i like her jerry.
 she's got substance.
 she oozes substance.
well, go in there and talk to her.
 she's not going to put em on the glass.
you mean a walk back in? that's the toughest move in the business.
 you're sending me out into no-man's-land, and if i get shot down i have to crawl all the way back.
 well i can't do it! i can't do it, i tell ya!pull yourself together.
 your going in there soldier! that's an order!get in there.
 hey.
 hey.
listen, i need you to do me a favor.
what?well, i need you to help me move my refrigerator.
why?cause i'm getting rid of it.
yeah? [it's k.
b.
, i have the suit]all right, come on up  so well, well, why are you getting rid of your refrigerator? well after that kidney stone i only want fresh food.
 it's gotta be fresh.
 i'm not eating any more stored food.
 plus you know i want the space.
what for?well i could put a, dresser in there.
 i could get dressed while i'm making breakfast.
hey yeah.
you didn't think i was really going to give you a suit, did you?what, you're giving him this suit?that's right, and it's an armani.
armani? hey, armani jerry.
 yes, yes, i heard.
come on, try it on.
no, it's ok.
come on, i want to see how it fits.
all right, all right.
 there you go.
ok, yeah all right.
oh boy, that looks great.
 i can't believe you're giving him this.
i don't even want anything for it.
he's very generous, isn't he?yes, yes, he is.
i'll tell you what -- you can take me out to dinner sometime.
dinner?yeah.
 you buy me a meal -- you can't get a better deal than that no, you'll never get a better deal than that.
all right.
 i'll leave you alone.
 yeah, i'll see you.
all right, ooh look at that armani, huh, yeah.
yeah, that's a deal.
 that's a terrible deal.
 i don't want to go out to dinner with him.
 i'd rather make my own suit.
i did it! it's all done!hey.
 i did it.
 hunh, we're going out as soon as she gets off of work and it'll still be daytime.
 you know i, i'm much better in the daytime then i am at night.
 it's less pressure.
i love the day date.
 no wine, no shower.
there ya go.
so the trip was good?yes apart from that, dreadful airline food.
 it tends to reek havoc with my stomach.
you know i, i have to say, i've never admitted this to anyone, but um, i kind of like airline food.
 that's probably because of [muttering]what?what?yeah, what?[sighs]what?where i come from, we don't say what? it's proper to say pardon?'huh.
 this should be interesting.
pardon?nothing.
so then about a year ago i started selling, these funky little hair clips.
 it's going pretty good.
 i make them in my apartment.
i'm just doing this waitress thing for a while, because i wanted to go to europe this summer  ahh.
 and i could use a few extra carefuloh.
 it's just horse manure is actually pretty refreshing.
that's a nice watch george.
yeah.
you know, my boyfriend has the same one.
huh.
 really?yeah, he loves watches.
 he's a real watch freak.
well, how about that?ooh look out.
 you stepped right in it.
yes, i sure did.
so you just pretended it didn't bother you?what is that, boyfriend? i don't understand that.
 what, what does she think i asked her out for?boy, it's the way they just slip it in there too.
yeah, yeah, like it's just part of the conversation.
 oh my boyfriend really likes watches.
 he's a real watch freak.
 we-e-ell that's fabulous.
 well let me ask you this.
 what exactly did you say when you asked her out?i said, would you like to go for a walk or something.
'oh, a walk, well --or something.
 i said, or something!'or something.
 yeah, that's a date.
 there you go.
course you know there is always the possibility, that she called an audible.
what do you mean?well she got up to the line of scrimmage, didn't like the looks of the defense and changed the play.
i think things were going ok.
 we were having a nice conversation.
uh huh.
i mentioned how i liked horse manure.
you did?yeah.
yeah.
 you said you liked horse manure.
yeah.
 mm-hm.
you know, about how when you break it down, it's really a very positive thing.
 you know, you have a nure, with a ma in front of it.
 ma-nure.
 i'z not bad.
and it was around this point that she mentioned the boyfriend?yeah.
 oh, you think because of what i said about the manure.
 i wa, wa, was just saying how it takes a negative thing, and puts it on a positive spin on it.
i'm just saying there's a chance she may not have been enamored with your thoughts and feelings on manure.
so you don't think she really has a boyfriend?my honest opinion, i think she made it up.
well then she's just a liar, isn't she?hey.
aaa.
 well you want something to eat, don't you?ahh, no, no, no.
 you got me all wrong buddy.
 i am loving this no refrigerator.
 you know what i discovered? i really like depriving myself of things.
 it's fun.
 very monastic.
well what do you eat?it's all fresh.
 fresh fish, fresh foul, fresh fruit.
 i buy it, i omniga nominga, i eat it.
well i'm glad it's working out.
oh yeah, it's working out.
 and i got a date with that waitress who works at reggie's.
boy, if i could meet a hostess, we could open up our own place.
ha ha ha ha.
 yeah, well, i'll tell you, she's a full-figured gal.
is she?oh you better believe it buddy.
 hey george, we could double sometime.
yeah, yeah, yeah we could.
 you know, ah, kramer, the next time you talk to her, find out if she knows kelly, from monk's.
 i wanna know if she really has a boyfriend.
all right it's done.
hello?hi, jerry.
 it's kenny.
oh, hi.
you know, i was thinking if you're not busy, maybe i can get my meal today?yeah, you wanna get that meal, don't you?how about mendy's, ooh, ever been there?no i haven't?ah you're gonna love it.
 i'll meet you there around : .
all right.
ahh.
 yeah, i really needed that suit.
i start off with curls.
 that's good for the bicep.
 i do reps, sets.
mm.
 that's fantastic.
 you work out with weights?no i don't.
you should.
why?you worn the suit yet?no, not yet.
have you decided?oh, get the swordfish.
 best swordfish in the city.
 the best, jerry.
i'll have the salmon.
and you?ahh, you know what i think.
 i'm just going to have soup.
 yeah, i'll save the meal for another time.
another time? what other time?i had a hot dog earlier.
 i'm not that hungry.
no, no, bania, no.
 this is the dinner.
 the soup counts.
soup's not a meal.
 you're supposed to buy me a meal.
i'm not stopping you from eating.
 go ahead and eat.
 get anything you want.
but i don't want anything but soup.
then that's the meal.
but i had the hot dog.
i didn't tell you to have a hot dog.
 who told you to have a hot dog?hey, i give you a brand-new armani suit, and you won't even buy me a meal?all right, fine.
 get the soup!so he just gets soup.
 he wants to save the meal.
 so now i got to do it all over again.
what kind of soup did he get?i don't know? consomm&eacute; or something.
consomm&eacute;, hmm.
what?well, that's not really a meal jerry.
 i mean, if he had gotten, chicken gumbo, or matzah ball, even mushroom barley.
 then i would agree with you.
 those are very hardy soups.
elaine you're missing the whole point.
what?the meal is the act of sitting down with him.
 it doesn't matter what you get, as long as he's sitting in that restaurant, its a meal.
was it a cup or a bowl?you see -- ah, uh i'm just curious.
a bowl, ok?did he crumble any crackers in it? did he crumble, any crackers in it?as a mater of fact, he did.
oh, well.
 crackers in a bowl.
 that -- that could be a meal.
it's like i'm talking to my aunt sylvia here.
oh, hi simon.
 this is jerry.
hello.
 elaine, do you have any cash on you?um, yeah in my purse.
no.
 there was only six dollars.
well, i have some money.
 what do you need? well, should cover me.
 where you going? just visiting.
oh, ok, see you later.
i won't be back for dinner.
  pardon?so is she working? is she here?yeah, yeah, she's here.
have you said anything to her?no, but i'm very uncomfortable.
are you going to say anything?there she is.
 no no no no no no.
hellohello.
well, what's it going to be?what's it gonna be?yes.
 what'll you have? are you eating? it's in that vein.
i'll eh, i'll just have a bowl of chili.
i'll have an egg white omelet.
what's it gonna be? you hear that?yeah, that was bad.
did you feel that tension? we use to have banter - s no more banter.
oh, no, it's kenny.
 slide out so he can't sit down.
 hey.
hey.
you worn the suit yet?actually, i did.
 i put it on last night and slept in it.
you did? oh, i'm joking.
oh! ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
 can i squeeze in? sure you can.
can i take your order?what kind of soup do you have?why don't you get a sandwich?ok, i'll have tomato soup and ah, tuna on toast.
ok cha knowthis is the meal so stock up buddy boy.
what are you talking about? this isn't a meal.
yes it is.
 soup and sandwich.
 that is a meal.
you're supposed to buy me dinner in a nice restaurant, like mendy's.
i tried to do that.
this is lunch in a coffee shopdoesn't matter, this is it.
 this completes the transaction.
ah, soup and a sandwich for a brand-new armani suit.
 is that any kind of gesture? i'm really not comfortable  hey, i just spoke to ah, hilde about your friend.
yeah.
she doesn't have a boyfriend.
 she made it up.
hi.
hi.
where's simon?oh, he'll be right up.
 he's just getting some beer.
 and i'm not expecting any change.
 when's he leaving? about days.
 although he's hinting at how he'd like to stay.
 fortunately he has no money, and no prospects.
 hey mate.
 fancy a beer?ah, no thanks.
 s it.
 good-bye.
hey, what size suit are you? .
 .
 perfect.
 brand-new armani suit, you want it?absolutely.
great, its yours.
 i can't stand the sight of it.
 elaine, here's the car keys.
 thanksyo?listen jerry, i've been doing some thinking.
 i want my suit back.
i don't have your suit.
 i gave it away.
well it's my suit.
well it's gone.
 i'm sorry.
 good-bye bania.
hey.
hey.
um, yeah.
 ok.
good, ah, s going on?nothing.
really.
you want food, don't cha? it's not for me.
 it's for hilde -- the waitress i was telling you about.
 she's hungry, she wants food.
 if i go back in there without any food there's gonna be trouble.
 all right, go aheadthanks buddy.
 did you find anything!uh, yeah, ah there's a few things in here, ah, peanut butter, cheese, yeah cheese is good.
 yeah, what kind?uh, swiss.
all right, it'll have to do.
 come on.
what are we doing out here? aren't we going to go in and eat?i can't go in there.
 i'm too uncomfortable.
oh, w-what are you saying? so we're not going to go in there anymore?hey, what are you doing out here?we can't eat here anymore, because he took a waitress out for a walk.
what's the difference? let's go to reggie's.
reggie's? i can't eat anything there.
it's the same menu.
there's no big salad.
'they'll make you a big salad.
 what do you think, they're the only one's that make a big salad'?all right.
 let's go, to reggie's.
so what's going on with simon? did he leave?ahh wait till you hear this.
so simon picks this woman up, right in front of me.
look at this.
 they make a point of saying on the menu, no egg white omelets.
 look at that.
so what! have a yoke! it won't kill you.
 hello.
oh, hi hilde.
 can i get an egg white omelet?did you read the menu?all right, just give me a western.
 how bout a big salad?a big salad? ya see?just tell her what'cha want, they'll make it for ya.
it's a salad, only bigger, with lots of stuff in it.
i can bring you small salads.
could you put it in a big bowl?we don't have big bowls.
all right.
 just give me a cup of decaf.
we have sanka.
i mean, it's not fair.
 i've been going there for years.
 she's been there weeks.
not fair.
if anyone should be forced to leave that place, it should be her!she's on your turf.
if only she could get fired.
 is there any way that could happen? i mean i know how to get myself fired.
you're the best.
well but how do i get someone else fired?well as i see it, you've got to apply the same principles that get you fired, but redirected, outwardly.
h-hey.
 she's hungry jerry.
well, there's nothing left.
 there's no food.
no food? well you gotta have something -- s like when that blood sugar drops.
 food!there, you see.
 she's already in a bad mood.
 she just got fired.
why'd she get fired?oh, because i called over there a couple of times and the manager didn't like it.
so, simon is definitely going back now.
 he's meeting me here to return my keys.
boy, he's a real bounder, isn't he?yes.
 he's one of those bounders.
egg white omelet and big salad.
ahhh.
 thank you.
i just wanted you guys know that friday's my last day.
 bloomingdales ordered a bunch of my clips, thank god, i don't have to do this any more.
 ah hey jerry, where's my suit?i don't have it.
 you want half my omelet?  you better tell your boyfriend to stop calling here.
oh he's not my boyfriend.
 it's that bald guy with the glasses, who's always here with them.
 he's trying to get me in trouble.
hey! yeah.
 i got a message for you.
 you tell your friend george, that the next time i see him around here, i'm going to turn him into my own, personal, hand-puppet.
well, hello.
 here you are as promised.
 you see, i'm a man of my word.
 when are you leaving?elaine, are you trying to get rid of me? aha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
 i was supposed to leave tomorrow, but all of a sudden, i've been set up with a job interview that might enable me to extend my visit indefinitely.
 and it is all due, to this suit.
 how do i look? i'm a shoe-in aren't i.
 thanks again love.
  hey kenny.
 you still want to get that suit back? yeah!there it goes.
 hey! hey! come here you! what are you doing? unhand me! take it off!george, are you sure i can't show you any other cars?i don't think so, vic.
 i've done my homework.
 volvo, that's the car for me, it's the one i want.
i got a lebaron convertible right here.
n.
i.
 not interested.
it's got a few more miles on it, but the previous owner was john voight.
jon voight?okay, tim.
 you're welcome.
 was that tim whatley?yes, it was.
 he wanted your address - you, my friend, are going to be invited to his night-before-thanksgiving party.
 s thankgiving day parade?i have always had a big crush on tim whatley.
 why can't he ask me out? oh, he's a dentist.
 you don't want to go out with a dentist.
why?he'll always be criticizing your brushing technique, it'll drive you crazy.
 uh - new car!ohhh!hey! did you get the volvo?no, i decided to go with an lebaron.
a lebaron?i thought consumer said volvo was the car.
what consumer? i'm the consumer.
alright.
 seems like a strange choice.
well, maybe so but it was good enough for mr.
 jon voight.
jon voight? the actor?that's right.
 he just happened to be the previous owner of the vehicle.
you bought a car because it belonged to jon voight?no, no i think yes, yes.
 you like the idea of telling people you're driving jon voight's car.
alright, maybe i do.
 so what.
i've never even seen him in a car.
 i mean, look at his movies.
 no cars.
 deliverance - canoe.
 midnight cowboy - boots.
 runaway train runaway train.
 hey.
hey.
jerry, you know that shoe repair place at the end of the block? well, if they don't get some business, they're gonna have to shut down and make way for one of those gourmet coffee or cookie stores.
i like coffee.
i like yeah, of course you do.
 and do you know why? because you're a bunch of yuppies.
 it's your go-go corporate takeover lifestyles that are driving out these mom and pop stores and destroying the fabric of this neighborhood.
well, what's so great about a mom and pop store? let me tell you something.
 if my mom and pop ran a store, i wouldn't shop there.
hey, bogambo - they've been in the neighborhood for years.
 now, come on, jerry.
 you've gotta have a pair of shoes in need of a cobblin.
'i really don't wear the kind of shoes that have to be cobbled.
well, what about sneakers? you know, they'll clean em.
 they do complete detailing.
alright, take em.
yeah-yah.
kramer, without you, we'd be out of business.
well you know, these sneakers, they belong to my neighbor, jerry seinfeld? the comedian.
so many sneakers!well, he's got a peter pan complex.
they'll be ready a week from thursday.
oh, well, no rush.
 uh oh.
what's the matter?oh, i keep getting these nosebleeds.
oh, lie down, and put your head back.
yeah.
 what?well, you got wires sticking out every which way.
 that looks dangerous, you should call the electrician.
you know, in the years we've been here, i don't think we've ever called an electrician.
yeah well, you should.
 this place could blow any minute.
elaine?yes, mr.
 pitt?have you gotten all the salt off those pretzels yet?no, i'm still working on it.
what in blazes are you listening to?artie shaw.
 honeysuckle jump.
 that was artie shaw, honeysuckle jump.
'elaine! how did you know that?oh, my father used have a huge collection of big band records.
congratulations to our listener wayne hopper for identifying it.
 and by doing so, he becomes our seventh person to land the wfbb-sponsored woody woodpecker balloon in the macy's thanksgiving day parade.
 ll have three more chances to win a spot holding a rope under woody woodpecker.
could you identify the next song? could you? could you?mr.
 pitt, why would you want to hold onto the ropes on the woody woodpecker balloon?my father was a stern man.
 he forbad us to participate in any activities that he thought were associated with the common man.
 the thanksgiving day parade was first on the list.
oh.
 alright, i'll do the best i can.
 alright, here we go for the next spot under the balloon.
 if you know the name of this song, call -band.
 well, elaine? do you know it? what song is it?will you shut up? i can't hear!i'm sorry!oh! i've got it! it's next stop pottersville'! goody! yes! yes! yes! next stop pottersville, next stop pottersville! you are a genius!you are gonna love this car.
 even if you don't like jon voight.
i like jon voight.
 just seems like kind've a strange reason to buy a car, because he might have driven it.
what do you mean might'? you don't think he really owned this car?i don't know.
well, why would the guy make up something like that? of all the names he could pick, why settle on jon voight?don't you see, that's the genius of it.
 if he had said liam neeson, you'd know he's making it up.
neeson? how are you comparing liam neeson with jon voight? jerry, we're talking about joe buck.
 if you can play joe buck, oskar schindler's a cake walk.
 oh, look at this, i stepped in gum.
whoa, whoa, you're not getting in my car with gummy shoes.
alright, i'll change my shoes.
 liam neeson.
 you know, he's not american.
let me get a clean pair.
 everybody's talkin at me i can't hear a word they're sayin' just drivin around in jon voight's car kramer! s all my sneakers?you said take em.
not all of em!well, obviously there was a miscommunication.
obviously.
 so what am i supposed to wear?jerry, i left you a pair right here mon.
 there, put on those boots.
i can't wear these!well, why not?they're uncomfortable.
c'mon here, try em on.
 where did you get those?i worked a club in dallas one time and they couldn't afford to pay me so they gave me these.
 oh, i can't wear these! they look ridiculous!ah, you look like a cowboy! huh?but i don't wanna be a cowboy!oh, stop it.
 you know that friend of yours, tim the dentist? i got an invitation to his thanksgiving eve party.
yeah, i got one too.
yeah?oh yeah? huh.
what?no, nothing.
no, what is it?no, it's just that i, uh didn't get one.
you didn't get one?ah, but he called me up and he asked for yours and elaine's addresses, i'm sure that means i'm invited.
not necessarily.
hey, why would you call someone up and ask them for two addresses if you're not invited to the party?that's the genius of it.
i'm callin elaine.
 see if she can find out anything from tim whatley.
hey.
 i got jon voight's lebaron.
 boss!four thousand dollars? we can't afford that!well i'm afraid you're gonna have to do something about it, because it's in violation of the building code.
 otherwise, they're gonna close you up.
but what if we can't pay for it?then i have to report you.
 otherwise, i lose my license.
 sorry.
  years, mom! and now we have to close! all because of that idiot and his bloody nose! afternoon, mom! afternoon, pop.
 you know you got a crack in the sidewalk out there? now, you oughta get that fixed.
so?c'mon, put the top up, it's november!i feel alive, jerry.
let's check out the glove box.
 ah.
 pencil.
hey you don't think sure, that's jon voight's pencil!with jon voight's teeth marks.
 s manual you know what? this car was owned by jon voight.
ah! see? i told ya.
except jon is spelled with an h.
 j-o-h-n.
so?doesn't jon voight spell his name j-o-n?so, what are you saying?nothing.
 i'm sure jon probably mispelled his own name.
 i know sometimes i spell jerry with a g and an i! get out of the car!what?that's right, you heard me.
 get out! you are ruining this whole experience for me!oh, look! there's gregory peck's bicycle!get out!and barbara mandrell's skateboard!get out!! hey, cowboy.
 where's your horse? yeah, you better run!did they take anything?no, they didn't even touch me.
 i tripped because of these stupid cowboy boots.
anyway, again, i'm sorry about throwing you out of the car.
you really seemed to enjoy it.
it was kinda fun.
 you know, maybe his name really is j-o-h-n, but he changed it to j-o-n for show business.
 well, you know, j-o-n is a lot zippier.
yeah, that's possible.
how would you find out something like that wait a minute, what am i thinking? i've got the entire yankee organization at my disposal.
he'll dispose of it.
heh, that's right.
 see ya later.
 so jerome, i did a little snooping around for you.
ah! what'd you find out, lois?well, i talked to tim whatley yeah and i asked him, should jerry bring anything?'so ?mmmm and he said, why would jerry bring anything?'alright, but let me ask you this question.
what?which word did he emphasize? did he say, why would jerry bring anything? or, why would jerry bring anything? you emphasize jerry or bring.
'i think he emphasized would.
'you know what? the hell with this party, i don't even want to go to begin with.
 hey.
hey, so where's my sneakers?that's what i wanna know.
what do you mean?well, i saw mom and pop this morning, but when i went by the store on my way home? the place was empty.
 everything is gone.
 mom and pop - vrooop - vanished.
so all my sneakers are gone?i'm afraid so.
 and that's just the tip of the iceberg.
 i've been asking around - they didn't even have any kids.
mom and pop aren't even a mom and pop?!it was all an act, jerry.
 they conned us, and they scored, big time.
so.
 mom and pop's plan was to move into the neighborhood establish trust for years.
 and then, run off with jerry's sneakers.
apparently.
alright, that's enough of this.
where ya goin'?i gotta go to the dixieland deli to pick up mr.
 pitt's security pass for the parade.
why does he want to hold a rope underneath woody woodpecker in the thanksgiving day parade?he finds his laugh intoxicating.
 so george, what kind of promotional events are we talking about?well, i think we need more special days at the stadium, you know? like, uh joe pepitone day.
 or, uh jon voight day.
jon voight? the actor? uh, i make a motion that we have no more of these meetings that have been initiated by george costanza.
i suppose if i had suggested liam neeson day, you'd all be patting me on the back.
i guessed stan herman's boomtown blues.
 what'd you guess?um, it was, uh 'next stop pottersville.
 re giving out the passes?after the music.
 oh.
 oh man.
 taxi! taxi.
hey! jon voight! jon voight! no jon voight day, huh?no.
 now i'll always have this doubt about the car.
 what, your jaw still hurts?yeah, it's all swollen.
 i think i may have chipped a tooth when i fell yesterday.
you should have somebody take a look at that.
i'm calling dentists all day here, there's nobody working the day before thanksgiving.
you going to the party?no, i don't know if i'm invited.
well, there's going to be a lot of dentists there.
yeah, you're right.
you don't want to suffer with this all weekend.
yeah, i gotta see a dentist, this is killin me.
 well, i'll take a chance.
 we'll go together.
maybe i'll just meet you there.
you don't want to go with me?jerry, for all i know this guy went out of his way to not invite you.
 how am i gonna feel if i show up with an uninvited, unwelcome intruder?the way i feel when i go places with you? d you find my sneakers yet?no.
 but i did run into somebody you might be interested in, a mr.
 jon voight, the actor?jon voight! are you kiddin me? did you talk to him?well, he was a little standoffish.
what, you didn't ask him about the car?no, i couldn't, his cab pulled away.
 but he did, however, make an impression on me.
 look.
what?his tooth marks.
 he bit me.
jon voight bit you?well, what is he, a vampire?no, it's justifiable.
 he thought i was going for his wallet.
he left perfect imprints.
that he did.
 now, you got that pencil with the bite marks on it? we get a trained eye to match em up, and we'll see whether or not you're driving jon voight's car!oh, please.
wait a minute, wait, it's not that stupid.
no, it's stupid.
why? why isn't it possible? i mean, they're both bite marks.
so you're gonna show up at that party with a chewed-up pencil and kramer's gnarled arm.
it's worth a shot.
 so, kramer, you wanna go to the party together?jerry, look, come on, i'm an invited guest.
 i can't be aiding and abetting some party-crasher.
excuse me, uh dentist? you a dentist? dentist? are you a dentist?these are the balloons? big deal, all i see is woody woodpecker.
you got a problem with woody woodpecker?yeah, what is he? some sort of an instigator?that's right.
 he's a troublemaker.
hey, elaine.
 did you get my message?what? i can't hear a word you're saying.
 i was stuck at the dixieland deli all day.
 my head is still ringing.
 where's tim?what is that, the empire state building?what? i can't hear you.
elaine, would you marry me?i told you, i can't hear a word.
alright.
 forget it.
hey, tim.
hey, george.
 kramer, how ya doin.
 watch the arm! tim, listen, we don't want to bother you, we know you're busy here.
no, it's no problem, what is it?let me show you something, take a look at this alright tim, i'm gonna get goin.
'alright, let me take down your number.
 is that jerry seinfeld?he didn't come with us.
 uh, tim, the pencil jerry.
hey, tim.
jerry.
 i didn't think you'd show.
did you say, jerry, i didn't think you'd show or, jerry, i didn't think you'd show'? elaine! hi!tim.
well.
 i'm really glad you came.
what?really glad you came.
uh huh.
listen, elaine, i've been wanting to ask you would you like to go out with me new years eve? thanks.
what? what?let me ask you something.
 could you tell if teeth marks on someone's arm matched teeth marks on a pencil?it's possible.
roll up your sleeve.
somebody bit you?not just someone.
 jon voight.
jon voight bit you? s teeth marks!that's john voight's pencil?that's right.
 i got his whole car downstairs.
are you the one who bought his lebaron convertible?yes! yes, i'm the one! hey! so, you know jon voight!yes! yes, i went to dental school with him.
jon voight, the actor?no.
 the periodontist.
 can't this wait until monday? come by my office.
just a quick peek.
 i'm in agony.
alright.
 sit down.
it's this one here in the back.
 oh! you popped woody woodpecker!hey, who invited you, anyway? you're a troublemaker! hey, it looks like woody woodpecker is running out of air.
 in fact, he's collapsing.
those kids look pretty disappointed.
especially that big kid up in the front.
 hello?hello, is this jerry seinfeld?yes it is.
you don't know me, but a really strange thing happened.
 i was at a garage sale, and this old couple sold me a used pair of sneakers they claimed belonged to jerry seinfeld, the comedian.
can i have the address of that garage sale? okay, thank you very much.
 my sneakers!where are they?parsippany, new jersey.
let's go!my car's in the shop.
well, how are we getting to parsippany?uh.
 jerry.
 these nosebleeds are starting again.
maybe we should get you to a hospital.
hey, i ain't goin to no bellevue! look at me, i'm fallin apart here.
well i am actually going to have a secretary and i get to do the interview.
that's incredible.
 six months ago you were taking messages for your mother.
yeah, and now someone's going to be taking messages for me.
from your mother.
so this ah, woman you plan on hiring, is she going to be in the spokes model category?sure.
 i could go the tomato route.
 but eh, i've given this a lot of thought jerry.
 all that frustration.
 i'll never get any work done.
 so i'm doing a complete .
 i'm going for total efficiency and ability.
that's a , george.
whatever.
hi willie.
hey jerry.
 i got this stuff and ah my mother's fur coat for storage.
what are you doing with it?ah, she keeps it in my apartment for when she comes up from florida.
hi.
hi.
hey jerry, you know my wife donna'.
yeah, that's why i said hi'.
hey, nice jacket.
 thanks.
 it's hounds-tooth.
whoa, this is a beauty.
 great cut.
 it's probably very flattering.
oh yes, it really accentuates my bust line.
well, i type about words a minute.
 i'm completely well-versed in all ibm and macintosh programs.
 thanks for coming in.
you're luscious.
 you're ravishing.
 i would give up red meat just to get a glimpse of you in a bra.
 i'm terribly sorry.
 as you can see my references are impeccable.
 i think i'd be a real asset here.
 my only concern is, i do take care of my mother.
 so will there be any late nights?i can't imagine.
ok, so barney's is having this huge sale.
 i try this dress on -- t take my eyes off myself.
yeah.
ok, so then i put it on at home.
 it looks like i'm carrying twins.
so you're saying, store -- hotsy-totsy, home-- hotsy-notsy.
yeah exactly.
 anyway i've got to go over there and return it.
i thought we were going to the movies?all right i'll try it on again.
 you tell me what you think.
 hey hey.
hey georgehey elaine.
 t have one before.
because you didn't have a job?perhaps.
 t tell you how proud i am of myself for going with ade.
a lesser man would have crumbled.
 they would have gone for the dish and the sure fire sexual-harassment suit.
it's a little all right! you answered it right there.
you got no waist in that thing.
you arms look like something hanging in a kosher deli.
i said, all right.
well wha'd you buy it for?why did i buy it, because in the mirror, at barney's, i looked fabulous.
 this woman was just walking by said i looked like demi moore in indecent proposal.
how fast was she walking?demi ? i thought it was demi?no.
 i think it's demi.
 really? i never heard of a semi wait a minute what?skinny mirrors! barney's has skinny mirrors, they make you look, like, pounds lighter.
oh, you're crazy.
am i? s? you know i think she might have something there.
whoa.
 what are you all dressed up for?oh i'm returning this dress to barney's.
good idea.
do it tomorrow.
 well go to the movies.
yeah yeah, ok.
hey look, if you're going there, maybe you could pick me up some of this super hydrating, it's a total-protection moisturizer with uva.
moisturizer? that's girls stuff.
no no, look.
 i'll tell you what -- they're having a sale right.
yeah.
i'll meetcha down there, well have lunch.
well we could well, we'll get to know each other.
 we never get to spend any time together.
 oh sure we have our little group here, but and then assuming the strike is resolved, on april th, we, ah, play the angels.
 so let's clear a floor at the anaheim hotel.
anaheim hotel.
 s only finger foods.
ade, you're a wonder.
 ok, now i projected some of those figures for you regarding the switch to canola oil for the stadium popcorn and surprisingly it will only come to / a cent more per bag, so it is definitely doable.
ade, i have to tell you, i, i have never met anybody so efficient.
well thank you, i'm flattered.
i mean you're just, you're just a marvel of organization.
well i'm just, hm, doing my job.
it's like i'm thinking of something, and you're one step ahead of me.
what can i say? i'm i'm good at what i do.
  m thinking about now? is it, uh, doable?it's definitely doable.
well, that was the worst.
i can't believe they made the wife the killer.
 gimme a break.
 t seen it yet.
 thanks a lot big mouth!you got a pen?yeah, i think i do.
and i need something to write on.
well, all i got is my dry-cleaning stub.
i gust met uma therman.
 she's giving me her telephone number.
 uma jerry, uma.
uma therman? really?yeah.
how'd you manage that.
yeah well i don't have any time to talk now.
 he's got the kavorca.
 t that willie, my dry-cleaner?where?he just went in.
 you know, i think he was wearing my hounds-tooth jacket.
what would he be doing wearing your jacket?it looked just like the jacket i brought in to be dry-cleaned.
 he complimented me on it.
are you sure?i got it.
 uma, uma, uma.
 you are amazing.
yeah, all right.
 taxi's on me.
 ah no no no no no.
 a better way to reach the bra would be to undo the jacket, then go around the back of the shirt.
ade you are incredibleoh oh oh here, i want to show you something.
 hand me that pillow.
what? oh, my god!mr.
 co stan za!ade, ahh, ahh, ah i'm giving you a raise!so you're having sex and then all of a sudden, you just blurt out i'm giving you a raise.
'yeah.
just a quick sidebar here -- are you in anyway authorized to give raises?not that i'm aware of, no.
so you're so grateful to have sex, that you'll just shout out anything that comes into your head.
i didn't think ahead.
well maybe she'll just think it was bawdy talk.
i didn't say any other bawdy things.
maybe you could have sex with her again and then take it back.
all right, you know you're not any help at all here.
 i don't know what even the point is of talking to you anymore.
all right, all right.
 i'm sorry.
yeah, well, i guess the only thing i can do is go into george steinbrenner's office and tell him he has to give her a raise.
how long has she been there? days.
it's almost a week.
oh, my god.
what?it's a movie stub from the : show.
 george, i think willie the dry-cleaner has been wearing my clothes.
these mirrors are skinny mirrors.
 this is false reflecting.
 and i think, that the department of you know, whatever, would be very interested to know what's going on here.
well, we're more than happy to exchange it for something else.
ok fine.
 i'll bring it to your dressing room.
ok thanks so much.
 what are you all dressed up for?well elaine, when you're shopping on madison avenue, you don't want to skip on the, swank.
i like your little bag.
huh, oh hey, look at this.
 s the super hydrating, triple-action moisturizer, hmm.
huh.
wait till that uma smells this uva.
hey kramer.
hey bania, what's happening? i'm looking for a new suit.
 i can't find anything i like.
 that's a nice suit.
 well, thank you.
did you get that here?no, this is vintage.
 they don't make this stuff anymore.
you're telling me.
i sure am.
it's hard for me to find pants that -- t make you look high-waisted.
yesme too.
what size are you?uh, .
 , that's what i am now.
 i've been working out, i'm huge.
 how'd you like to sell it?make me an offer.
 buckssurely you jest.
  look at the stitching this is old world craftsmanship.
 dollars.
sold.
 follow me into the dressing room.
you throw the shirt in?bania, you're killing me.
hey that's the women's dressing room.
there's nothing in there that i haven't seen before.
 can i talk to you for a second?yes yes george.
 can you talk to me for a second? of course you can -- i'm a very accessible man.
 i just wanted to say you're doing great work on that canola oil stuff.
well, you know, to be honest sir -- my, my new secretary ade, came up with that one.
ade, ade, i like that name george.
she supports her whole family.
 is that a fact george?yes, in fact, her mother is in the hospital right now.
 it's some kind of a diverticulitis.
 i had a bout of that myself one time -- knocked me right on my ass.
she can't even afford to go out to lunch.
 she's been eating in a high school cafeterias she pretends to be a teacher.
 it's pathetic.
what's that cost her, like, two and a quarter? you know what i was just thinking -- she could really use a raise.
you know, she'd be better off making a sandwich at home and bringing it in.
 hello, ah, george will you excuse me.
psst.
 hey.
kramer, what are you doing here?listen, i need you to get me some clothes.
what?yeah, i just sold my suit to bania for a cool three-hundred.
so go buy a new one.
what, at this place? it would destroy my whole profit margin.
so.
listen do me a favor -- just call jerry, tell him to bring me some clothes.
ouhhh hello, willie.
hey, jerry.
 you dropping off?no, but ah, seen any good movies lately?you came by to ask that?yeah.
 specifically : shows.
 seen any good : shows at the paragon, willie?what are you gettin at?i saw you the other night stepping out with my hounds-tooth jacket.
jerry that's a breach of the dry-cleaner's code.
you need a code to tell you not to wear peoples clothesi wasn't wearing your jacket.
 jerry you're imagining things.
 yeahhh, am i imagining this? jerry.
yeah, yeah.
 well, now that we understand each other -- i'll be taking my business elsewhere.
 and i want my mother's fur coat back too.
jerry, come on.
now.
now? yeah.
 i want that coat.
 well ahh.
 where's that ticket? oh, kramer.
wait, you, you mean to tell me you don't have a ticket for the coat?no, not on me.
well, i, i need to see that ticket.
why? i've got my cleaning before without a ticket.
yeah, but this is different.
 those fur storage warehouses are huge.
 you can't, get anything without a number.
all right, i'll be back.
yeah it looks good here, but what does that mean?so, uh, do you want it?i don't know, i have to think about it.
 i need a nonpartisan mirror.
i can't thank you enough, mr.
 costanza.
 i'm so gratefulyes, well, i sat down with mr.
 steinbrenner.
 i told him you have been doing great work.
 i said that you deserved a raise, and if you didn't get it, that i, was leaving.
 it was just so generous.
oh, well, don't worry about it -- he's got plenty of money.
 oh i know, but twenty five thousand.
 so you got a $ , a year raise.
yes, i tell you, mr.
 steinbrenner you're making more than i am.
i am?what are you doing? you're making more than i am.
 a secretary cannot make more than her boss.
well apparently they can.
oh, this is insanity.
 i'm not this hippie.
 hey, what do you think of this? ll never pull it off.
hey, what's going on in there? s moisturizer lotions?this woman has been in there for over an hour.
excuse me miss.
, is everything ok in there?[yeah] kramer?oh, jerry, you got my clothes?what clothes?didn't elaine call you?no.
well what are you doing here?what am i doing here? you're in the women's dressing room.
 i need that ticket stub back so i can get my mother's fur coat out.
oh, the stub, yeah.
 i left it in my, my pantswhere are your pants?well, i sold them to bania.
what? you sold your pants to bania.
 let me in.
why'd you sell your pants to bania?ouhhh -- i had uma therman's number written on that stub.
 i lost uma's number.
where are your clothes?i told you i sold them to bania.
you mean what you were wearing?yeah.
how'd you expect to get out of here?well, i didn't think ahead.
this isn't going to work for me so if you could show me something else.
no.
no?no, because you're taking that one.
i am?yes.
 because you wore it out of the store.
ha! that's preposterous.
i suppose that salt stain came from all the snow in the store.
shall i wrap it or will you wear it out?no.
 you can wrap it.
 kramer, are you still in there?[elaine]jerry?elaine, where's kramer?bania?kramer.
i'm going out.
 jerry.
bania.
kramer, i want my money back for this suit.
 you're nancy-boy cream leaked all over the pockets -- suits ruined.
well you're not getting any money back.
 jerry, come back in here.
 uma's number is on that ticket.
never mind uma, i need that ticket to get my mother's fur coat back.
 why don't you just give him the money for the suit?i'm not going to give him $ now for a suit with moisturizer cream all over it.
i got an idea.
what?i can't believe i'm gonna do this.
 bania can i talk to you for a second? how's everything going?pretty good.
yeah, well, see the thing of it is, i'm in a bit of an awkward position here.
 because, uhh, i don't want to get in between you two guys but i need a dry-cleaning ticket that's in the pocket of those pants.
well all you gotta do is tell kramer to give me my money back, and you'll get your ticket.
yeah, yeah all right, well uh tell you what i will do bania -- you give me the ticket, and uh, i will take you out for a nice dinner.
can we go back to mendy's?you want to go to mendy's, i'll take you to mendy's.
twice? i wanna go twice.
all right let's be reasonable, bania.
 i'm taking you out for a nice dinner.
 all i want is a little ticket in that pocket.
 i think it's a pretty good deal.
two mendy's.
.
 .
 .
 all right just give me the ticket.
here you go.
ohh but mr.
 steinbrenner, how can i be expected to perform my job properly, knowing that my uh, subordinate is making more money than i am? with all due respect sir, it's outta whack.
uh huh, i understand what you're saying george and i know what it's like to be financially strapped.
 when i was a young man in cleveland i use to hitchhike to work.
 one time i got picked up by a bakery truck.
 you think that stuff smells good? try being cooped up in the back of one of those babies.
i couldn't look at a donut for the next two years.
 well not that i was ever one for the sweets.
sure i like a cup cake every now and then, like everybody else.
 you know i like it when they have a little cream on the inside, it's a surprise.
 that's good, plus the chocolate ones are good too.
 sometimes i just can't even make up my mind.
 a lot of times i'll mix the two together, make a vanilla fudge.
let me in, it's me.
  s number? the moisturizer smudged out the phone number.
 the dry-cleaning numbers are gone too.
 it must have been the botanical extracts.
 give me that.
hey bania, the dinners off.
 the ticket's no good.
 the numbers are all smudged out.
  t do that.
the ticket is worthless.
you promised me.
hey, isn't that my mother's fur coat?no it's not.
 it is! give me that back.
no, what are you talking about.
are you out of your mind? don't you take your hands you can't have that coat, it's not yours.
what do you think the dry-cleaner's is your own personal closet!donna, do you think you can get the salt stain out of this?let me see.
 piece of cake.
 bring it(tilts her head down, looking over her glasses in amazement ofmmm.
 this soup is great.
yeah, it's very good.
 i told you mendy's had the best pea soup.
 the best jerry, the best.
 are you enjoying it?yeah.
 i'm having a wonderful time.
 wait till you try the swordfish.
 you know jerry, i was thinking.
 for our next meal, do you think we should come here or should we go someplace else? you know it has it's pros and cons.
 on the one hand, here, you're guaranteed a great meal.
 on the other hand -- s a gamble.
 i get it.
yeah.
 well, let's hurry up and eat i gotta get out of here.
 i'm meeting a woman for a drink.
oh, and who might that be?some woman named uma.
 i got her number off of that ticket before it was smudged.
 hope she's good-looking.
 if you are a waitress and you ever see me in a restaurant, i'm telling you right now, i don't want to hear about the specials.
 i don't want to know about the specials.
 i'm sick of the specials.
 i hate the specials.
 my feeling is, if the specials were so special, they'd be on the menu.
 you know what's special about them? they don't know if anybody likes them.
 they always have these overly creative descriptions of the specials too, you know.
 the veil is lightly slapped, and then sequestered in a one-bedroom suite with a white wine intravenous.
ready to go lois?you really like to say my name? don't you?excuse me lois.
 stand back lois.
 jimmy's in trouble lois.
oh, mr.
 meyers this is my friend, jerry.
jerry seinfeld!duncan meyers!you two know each other?yeah! we uh, went to high school together.
 didn't we jerry? gee i hope you're not leaving now.
 we still have a lot of work left to do.
would you be able to come all the way downtown again in rush hour to pick me up?well, i'd have to be superman to do that lois.
no, no this is all wrong.
 where's the chicken cashew?you no order chicken cashew.
i didn't order any of this.
 i'm not paying for this.
fine benes.
 we are putting you on our list.
what list?the do not deliver list.
merry christmas to you! well, i guess we'll just go out.
yeah.
 what are you doing with the daily worker?ned must have left it here.
your boyfriend reads the daily worker? what is he? a communist?he reads everything, you know, ned's very well read.
maybe he's just very well red'?communist? don't you think he probably would have told me?well, does he wear bland, drab, olive colored clothing?yes, .
 .
 .
 yes he does dress a little drab.
huh, he's a communist.
 .
 .
 .
 look at this.
 exciting uninhibited woman seeks forward thinking comrade and appearance not important.
 .
 .
 .
 appearance not important! this is unbelievable.
 finally this is an ideology i can embrace.
hi oh.
hey.
where's lois?she couldn't make it.
i can't believe you're really going out with a woman named lois.
i know, finally.
 but george, guess who her boss is.
 duncan meyers.
duncan meyers?who's he?elaine, only one other person in the world knows what i am about to tell you and that's george.
 when we were in the ninth grade they had us all line up at one end of the school yard for this big race to see who was going to represent the school in this track meet.
uh uhi was the last one on the end.
 george was next to me.
 and mr.
 bevilacqua, the gym .
 .
 .
what's that?mr.
 bevilacqua, the gym teacher.
oh, of course.
he was down at the other end.
 so he yells out, ready, on your mark, get set, and i was so keyed up i just took off.
 by the time he said go i was ten yards ahead of everybody.
no.
i looked up.
 i couldn't believe it.
by the time the race was over i had won.
 i was shocked nobody had noticed the head start.
really?and i had won by so much a myth began to grow about my speed.
 only duncan suspected something was a miss.
 he's hated me ever since.
 now he's back.
well what happened when you raced him again?i never did.
 in four years of high school i would never race anyone again.
 not even to the end of the block to catch a bus.
 and so the legend grew.
 everyone wanted me to race.
 they begged me.
 the track coach called my parents.
 pleading.
 telling them it was a sin to waste my god given talent.
 but i answered him in the same way i answered everyone.
 i chose not to run.
so now duncan is back?he's back.
 and i knew he would be someday.
 s some tart cider!hi.
sorry i missed the chinese food.
oh, so am i .
 uh, how's duncan?he's okay.
he say anything?about what?oh, nothing in particular.
.
 .
 .
 why did you cheat in that race?i did not cheat.
he said that you got a head start.
oh, he's just jealous because he came in second.
really?yesso you were the fastest kid in school.
faster than a speeding bullet lois.
so how was work? another day, another dollar?i guess.
oh well nothing wrong with that.
 gotta make those big bucks.
 .
 .
 .
 money money money money money money money .
 .
 .
 ha ha ha ha ah .
 .
 .
 are you a communist?yes, as a matter of fact i am.
oh, ah! oh! wow! whoa! a commie! wow, gee, man it must be a bummer for you guys what with the fall of the soviet empire and everything .
yeah, well, we still got china, and cuba,yeah, but come on .
 .
 .
i know it's not the same.
well, you had a good run, what was it , years? wreaking havoc, making everybody nervous.
yeah, we had a good run.
well, so enjoy yourself.
 ha ha uh haso you lied to her?i couldn't tell her the truth.
 i don't know what's going to happen between us.
 what if we have a bad breakup.
 she'll go straight to duncan.
 and i want him to go to his grave never being certain i got thatwell, i'm dating a communist.
wow, a communist.
 that's something.
yeah, that's pretty cool isn't it?hey, did i tell you i called one of those girls from the personal ads in the daily worker?the daily worker has personal ads?and they say appearance is not important.
yours or hers?ho ho ho ho ho merry christmas everyone.
 merry christmas.
wow, look at you.
 so you got the job.
yeah, you're looking at the new santa at coleman's department store.
oh, congratulationscome on get your bead on.
 we're going to be late.
on prancer on dasher, on donna.
not donna, it's donner.
donna!yeah, right!.
 on prancer, on dancer, on donna, on ethyl, on harriet.
hello, oh hi lois, you want to get together, what for? i don't know about that, i'll have to think about it.
 i'll let you know.
 okay, bye.
what's up?duncan wants to get together with her and me for lunch tomorrow.
 he obviously wants me to admit i got a head start.
 and i don't think she believes me.
he wants to meet you? i'll tell you what.
 i'll show up.
 he doesn't know we're friends.
 i'll pretend i haven't seen you since high school.
 i'll back up the story.
that's not bad.
not bad? it's gorgeous!ho ho ho well come on little princess, tell santa what you want.
 don't be shy.
she doesn't speak english .
santa speaks the language of all children.
 a notchie watchie dotchie do.
a dotchie cotchie dochie,het, mickey when do we get a break? my lap is killing me.
there is no break.
a sweat shop.
hey, hey, hey.
natalie on line .
natalie?from the daily worker.
thank you.
hello, it's natalie? yeah, this is a business office but i'm not a business man per se.
 i'm here working for the people.
 yes, i'm causing dissent.
 stirring the pot.
 getting people to question the whole rotten system.
elaine.
ilene.
hi.
hello.
doing a little christmas shopping?yeah, yeah.
 oh, this is ned.
 he's a communist.
oh, really?yep .
 .
 .
 a big communist, a big big communist.
oh, well, it's awfully nice to see you.
 see you later.
bye byehey, listen while we're here why don't we do a little shirt shopping?out of the question.
um.
 kramer!hihi, oh hi mickey, this is nedoh, hey, hi buddy.
you guys stay here, i'll be right back.
eight hours of jingle belling and ho ho hoing.
 boy, i am ho'd out.
anyone who works here is a sap.
watch it!woah, woah, come on.
you understand the santa's at bloomfields are making double what you are?double?i bet the beard itches doesn't it?you got that straight.
so when you get a rash all over your face in january do you think coleman's will be there with a medical plan?look, you take that commie crap out into the street.
kramer, i've got some literature in my car that will change your whole way of thinking.
talk to me baby.
don't listen to him kramer, you've got a good job here.
but there's no way you could have beaten me by that much.
 i already beaten you in junior high school three times.
i didn't hit puberty til the th grade.
 that's what gave me my speed.
 besides, if i got a head start why didn't mr.
 bevilacqua stop the race?that's what i've always wondered about.
well, i .
 .
 .
 [sees george]oh, my god, no, oh my god, .
 .
 .
 jerry!i'm sorry, uh,george, george costanza!oh, george costanza , kennedy high.
yes yes yes this is unbelievable.
hi, georgeoh, wait a minute, wait a minute, don't tell me, don't tell me.
 it starts with a .
 .
 .
 duncan meyers.
 oh, wow, this is something.
 i haven't seen you guys in what, twenty years?this is lois.
hello.
so what have you been doing with yourself?i'm i'm a comedian.
ah ha, well, i really wouldn't know about that.
 i don't watch much tv.
 i like to read.
 so what do you do, a lot of that did you ever notice? this kind of stuff.
yeah, yeahit strikes me a lot of guys are doing that kind of humor now.
yeah, yeah, well, you really got bald there, didn't you?yeah, yeah.
you really used to have a think full head of hair.
yeah, yeah.
 well, i guess i started losing it when i was about twenty-eight right around the time i made my first million.
 you know what they say.
 the first million is the hardest one.
yeah, yeah.
what do you do?i'm an architect.
have you designed any buildings in new york?have you seen the new addition to the guggenheim?you did that?yep.
 and it didn't take very long either.
well you've really built yourself up into something.
well, well, i had a dream, jerry.
well, one cannot help[ but wonder what brings you into a crummy little coffee shop like this.
well, i like to stay in touch with the people.
ah, you know you have a hole in your sneaker there.
 what is that canvas?you know my driver's waiting, i really should get running.
 good to see you guys again.
george, george, hang on.
 i haven't seen you in so long.
ha, uh,i thought we might reminisce a little more.
 you know duncan and i were just taking about the big race.
oh, the big race.
yeah.
yes, yes,.
you were there?yes, sure, surely was.
 yeah, i'll remember that day.
 well i'll never forget it because that was the day that i uh, lost my virginity to miss.
 stafford, the uh, voluptuous home room teacher.
miss stafford?yes, yes, you know i was in detention and she came up behind me while i was erasing the blackboard .
 .
 .
george!but i digress.
 let me see, now.
 you were standing at one end of the line and i was right next to you.
 and i remember we were even for like, the first five yards and then , boom, you were gone.
did i get a head start?head start, oh no absolutely not.
you satisfied? so you see?no, i'm still not convinced and i never will be.
that's a good idea.
no, no, no, another race - out of the question.
i know, you've been saying that for twenty years because you know you can't beat me.
 you couldn't beat me then and you can't beat me now.
race him jerry.
 race him.
all right! i'll do it.
 the race is on.
.
 .
 .
 shut up! and he's calling all these people from high school to come and watch.
 i knew this day would come.
 i can't do it.
 i can't go through with it.
 i'm calling it off.
 i can't let the legend die.
 it's like a kid finding out there's no santa clauseach according to his ability, to each according to his needs.
what does that mean?well, if you've got needs and abilities that's a pretty good combination.
so what if i want to open up a delicatessen?there are no delicatessens under communism.
why not?well, because the meats are divided into a class system.
 you got pastrami and corned beef in one class and salami and bologna in another.
 that's not right.
so you can't get corned beef?well, you know, if you're in the politburo, maybe.
 m a communist now he wants to see me in his office.
so you'll just explain to him you're not a communist.
 you just called the woman for a date.
hello, oh hi duncan, : o'clock tomorrow? that is not going to work.
 .
 .
 .
 why? i'll tell you why.
 because i chose not to run!i'm sorry elaine.
 the shirt's too fancy.
just because you're a communist, does that mean you can't wear anything nice? you look like trotsky.
 it's gorgeous.
 fine, you want to be a communist, be a communist.
 can't you at least look like a successful communist?all right, i'll try it on.
i'm going to order chinese food.
you're ordering from hop sing's, right?ugh, does it have to be hop sing's.
 i kind of had a fight with him.
elaine, when my father was black listed he couldn't work for years.
 he and his friends used to sit at hop sing's every day figuring out how to survive.
you're father was blacklisted?yes he was, and you know why? because he was betrayed by people he trusted.
 they named names'.
okay, okay.
 d like delivery please to west th st.
 apartment g.
i know that address.
 you're benes, right.
 you're on our list.
 no more delivery.
no.
 no, she doesn't live here anymore.
 this is someone else.
oh, yeah.
 what's the name?why do you need the name? you already have the address.
we need a name.
 give us a name.
okay, okay, ned isakoff.
i want a racing car set.
ho ho ho ho a racing car set! those are assembled in tai wan by kids like you.
 and these coleman pigs, they sell it at triple the cost.
but i want a racing car set.
you see kid, you're being bamboozaled.
 these capatalist fat cats are inflating the profit margin and reducing your total number of toys.
hey, this guy's a commie!hey, kid, quiet.
 were did a nice little boy like you learn such a bad word like that? huh?commie, commie, commie .
 .
 .
 .
santa is not a commie.
 he just forgot how his good friend stuck his neck out for him to get him a good job like this.
 didn't he santa!is there a problem here?ho ho ho ho.
this guy's a commie.
 he's spreading propoganda.
oh yeah? well that's enough pinko! you're through.
 the both of ya'i got two kids in college.
you can't fire me, i'm santa claus.
not anymore.
 get your skinny ass out of here.
hi how are you?.
 .
 .
 fine.
what's the matter?i just spoke to duncan.
 he said if you don't race, he's going to fire me.
what? he can't do that.
yes he can.
 he controls the means of production.
 what are you going to do jerry?don't worry lois.
 i'll think of something.
ah, i knew it was you! you tried to trick hop sing! you are onour list; elaine benes! and now you are on our list; ned isakoff.
you got me blacklisted from hop sing's?she named name!you, uh, wanted to see me, mr.
 steinbrenner?yes george, i did.
 come in, come in.
 george, the wordaround the office is that you're a communist.
c-communist? i am a yankee, sir, first and foremost.
you know george, it struck me today me that a communistpipeline into the vast reservoir of cuban baseball talent could be thegreatest thing ever to happen to this organization.
sir?you could be invaluable to this franchise.
 george, there's a southpaw down there nobody's been able to get a look at; something rodriguez, i don't really know his name.
 you get yourselfdown to havana right away.
yes, sir.
 yes sir, do my best.
good, merry christmas george.
 and bring me back some of those cigars in the cedar boxes, you know the ones with the fancy rings? i love those fancy rings.
 they kind of distract you while you're smoking.
 the red and yellow are nice.
 it looks good against the brown of the cigar.
 the maduro, i like the maduro wrapper.
 the darker the better, that's what i say.
 of course, the claro's good too.
 that's more of a pale brown, almost like a milky coffee.
 t really understand that well that was quick! nice job, santa!yeah,i knew that commie stuff was going to get us in trouble.
yeah, well i didn't realize that was such a sensitive issue.
communism, you didn't realize communism was a sensitive issue? what do you think has been going on in the world for the past years? wake up and smell the coffee.
i guess i screwed up!you sure did.
 big time.
how do you feel?i need a miracle.
now you're going to see what kind of liar you're mixed up with.
if he beats you i want a big raise.
if he beats me, i'll not only give you a raise, i'll send you to hawaii for two weeks.
i parked in front of that restaurant .
 as soon as this race is over i got to go to the airport.
okay, all right, all right.
you ready boys?yes, mr.
 beviacquaokay, this is hoiw it works.
 you take your marks, i say, ready - on your mark - get set - and then fire.
 you got it?yes mr.
 bevilacqua.
ready - on your markmaybe i will , lois.
 maybe i will.
you wanted to see me, el presidente?si, si.
 come here.
 i understand you are very interested in one of our players, eh?si, si.
ordinarily i would not grant such a request but i've heard you are, uh, how you say, communista simpatico, eh?muy sumpatico.
 muy muy muy.
well good, then you can have your pick.
oh, oh!they will play for your yankees.
oh well, gracias el commandante, gracias.
 muy muy.
and i would be honored if you would be my guest for dinner tonight at the presidential palace.
 there will be girls there and, i hear, some pretty good food.
 of course the problem with parties is you invariably have to eat standing up which i don't care for but on the other hand i don't like to balance a plate on my lap either.
 once when i was at a party, i put my plate on someone's piano.
 i assure you, if i had not been a dictator, i would not have been able to get away with that one.
come on.
 lets gono wait, i gotta go in here and pick up mr.
 pitt's tennis recquet.
what's it doin here?he wanted to have it restrung.
 here i need to pick that uphellooh, hi.
jocylin landis from doubleday.
 i interviewed you for a position a couple of months ago.
yes, yes, the one i didn't get.
 i was watching you playoh, i'm not very good.
no.
 you exhibited a lot of grace out there.
really? grace?yes.
 so have you found anything yet?uh, no.
 not really.
you know you should keep in touch.
 something may be opening up in a few weeks.
 is that a bruline?oh, bruline.
 newman's got the same one.
newman plays tennis?he's fantastic.
would you mind if i tried this out?uh, no take it.
how will you get it back?um, i could come by your office and pick it up tomorrow.
that's so generous of you.
thanksyou loaned her pitt's racquet?what could i do? she said there might be something for me at doubleday.
 oh wouldn't that be great i wouldn't have to work for mr.
 pitt anymore.
i gotta get going.
oh, ok.
 next time lets play ping pong.
 it's easier to jump over the net.
 byebye byehave you noticed she never laughshm, really?yeahcheck that out whoa, you're dating this woman?that's right.
george, you're becoming one of the gliterrattiwhat's that.
ya know, people who glitter.
 she's a slim gal.
and the amazing thing is she eats like there's no tomorra'.
 i mean i've never seen an appetite like this.
 desserts.
 everything.
 i don't know how she does it.
maybe she's bulimicwa?bulimic,kramer, she's a model.
exactlyi have noticed she does tend to go to the bathroom right after we finish eating.
there you go monkey boy.
mmm, mmmm oh, so good, mmm, mmm.
 aren't you hungry?just enjoying watching you.
so did you like the movie?yeah, it was ok.
 frankenstein didn't seem quite right to me.
 i missed the sport jacket.
 not that it was that nice of a jacket.
 i mean it didn't fit him that well.
 to me there's just something about a monster in a blazer.
 it shows at least he's making an effort.
 s funny.
i'm glad you enjoyed it.
oh, i'm so full.
yes, full.
 i love to be full love to sit back, loosen the old belt and digest away for hours.
 let those enzymes do their work.
will you excuse me.
where you going?i just need to freshen up.
you're fresh t take you any fresher.
george i need to freshen.
, george, george, george it was unbelievable.
 you're right the jokes kept bouncing off her like superman.
see, what did i tell ya?and even when she did like something, she doesn't laugh.
 she says, that's funny.
 that's funny!oo, i better call that woman at doubleday and see when i can pick up mr.
 pitt's racquet.
i mean how can i be with someone that doesn't laugh.
 it's like well it's like something! this guy said she hurt her arm playing tennis.
 pretty bad.
well, i heard a noise.
what noise?you know, blah what blah?from the bathroom.
oh, you think she was refunding?every time we go out to eat the minute we we're done eating she's runnin to the bathroom.
so you're concerned.
elaine, of course i'm concerned.
 i'm payin for those meals.
 it's like throwing money down the toilet.
in a manner of speaking.
let me digest it.
 let me get my money's worth.
 y'know what would be good is if there was someone else in the bathroom that could tell me.
here's your scrubber back.
thanks.
hey, maybe i could bribe one of those women that hand out the towels in the powder room.
a matron?yeahuh, well i can't help you there .
wha?nothin'you know a matron?me?youno.
kramer,well, now look, just leave me alone.
well, what is it?no, don't, don't make mewha?no, i can't, all right i can't who? my mother's a matron!babs?yeah, there, all right i said it there ya satisfied? anything else you want to know?kramer, kramer, i need to know if nina is refunding.
look, george, i can't help ya, all right.
why not? why not?let me go.
 let me go.
 because i haven't talked to my mother in five years.
 we just don't see eye to eye.
 i don't even want to get into my childhood.
 i'm still carrying a lot of pain.
 a lot of pain.
come on, kramer.
i can't i can'tkramer you're going to have to face her some time dhello oh, my goodness.
 what happened?i tore my umeral epicondilitistohmy doctor said it might never fully heal.
 i may never play again.
oh, you'll be playing if i can't play tennis i don't know what i'll do.
there are plenty of things you can do, there's chess and uh uh mah jong,you don't know how lucky you are to be healthy  and biking and what am i going to do? hiking   could i if i can't play tennis i have no reason to live  m gonna, ok, well, you know.
 take care of that condolitisma?cosmo!cosmo?why didn't you just ask her for it?i told you i couldn't.
 the woman was crying about how she might never play tennis againyeahhey di hoc'mon up.
so when do you have to get the racquet back to mr.
 pitt?augh, he's got a big match tomorrow with ethyl kennedyhe needs a three hundred-dollar bruline to beat ethyl kennedy?he'll only play with his racquetwell, why don't you wait til she's not there on her lunch hour and just take it?that's stealing?stealing? you loaned her the racquet!i know.
hey oh.
jerry: heyso what happened with kramer's mother?it's all worked out.
 nina and i will have dinner thursday at the restaurant where babs works.
what's she like?oh, she's a kramer.
 and uh, while i was there i uh happened to pick up another juicy little nugget about our friend.
ah, i'm ready what?what is it?i uh got the first name.
you found out kramer's first name?that's right.
 you ready?we've been trying to get it out of him for ten years.
 what is it?cosmojerry: cosmo?cosmojerry: cosmocosmo, cosmo?what's so funny? wha?cosmo?all right, ok so you the name now.
 the cat is .
a a a out of the bag.
it's not such a bad name.
well you know all my life i've been running away from that name.
 that's why i wouldn't tell anybody.
 but i've been thinking about it.
 all this time i'm trying not to be me.
 i'm afraid to face who i was.
 but i'm cosmo jerry.
 i'm cosmo kramer.
 and that's who i'm going to be.
 from now on that's who i'm going to be.
 i'm cosmo!yes?hi, is sandy here?hi, you must be jerry.
 sandy's in the shower.
 do you want to come in?i would except i forgot to bring a towel.
 so the roommate laughed at everything i said.
wow.
it was a great sounding laugh too, kind of lilting and feminine--none of those big coarse ha's.
 you know those?oh yeah: ha-a-a, ha-a-a.
yeah.
hate the big coarse ha.
 hate those.
and the worst part of course is that she also possessed many of the other qualities prized by the superficial man.
i see.
so as you can see, i've got a bit of a problem here.
well, if i hear you correctly--and i think that i do--my advice to you is to finish your meal, pay your check, leave here, and never mention this to anyone again.
can't be done, huh?the switch?'the switch.
'can't be done.
i wonder.
do you realize in the entire history of western civilization no one has successfully accomplished the roommate switch? in the middle ages you could get locked up for even suggesting it!they didn't have roommates in the middle ages.
well, i'm sure at some point between the years and --somewhere--there were two women living together.
the point is i intend to undertake this.
 and i'll do it with or without you.
 so if you're scared, if you haven't got the stomach for this, let's get it out right now! and i'll go on my own.
 if not, you can get on board and we can get to work! now what's it going to be?all right, dammit, i'm in.
i couldn't do it without you.
all right.
 let's get to work.
all right.
 that's enough for today.
 you're tired.
 get some sleep.
 i'll see you first thing in the morning.
aw, we can't do it, who are we kidding? it's impossible! it's true! you can't do the switch! nobody can do the switch! it was a stupid idea to begin with! let's face it.
 i'm stuck with the non-laugher and that's that!we'll come up with something.
yeah, sure we will.
all right.
 see you tomorrow.
 i-i-i-i-i got it!!!!!all right.
 let's go over it again, one more time.
all right.
 so i tell sandy that i want to have a m&eacute;nage &agrave; trois with her and her roommate.
that's right.
and you believe this course of action will have a two-pronged effect.
 firstly, the very mention of the idea will cause sandy to recoil in disgust, whereupon she will insist that i remove myself from the premises.
keep going.
at this point, it is inevitable that she will seek out the roommate to apprise her of this abhorrent turn of events.
continue.
the roommate will then offer her friend the requisite sympathy even as part of her cannot help but feel somewhat flattered by her inclusion in the unusual request.
a few days go by and a call is placed at a time when sandy is known to be busy at work.
 once the initial awkwardness is relieved with a little playful humor, which she [laura] of course cannot resist, an invitation to a friendly dinner is proffered.
huh.
 well, it all sounds pretty good.
 there's only one flaw in it: they're roommates.
 she'd have to go out with me behind sandy's back.
 she's not gonna do that.
you disappoint me, my friend.
 sandy wants nothing to do with you.
 she tells laura, if you want to waste your time with that pervert, that's your problem.
'it's a perfect plan.
 so inspired.
 so devious.
 yet so simple.
 this is what i do.
can i help you?uh, no, i'm ok.
well then what are you doing with that racquet?um, it's mine.
 miss.
 landis borrowed it.
well, i'm sorry you can't take that, no no no no no no, i can.
 i can.
 it's mine.
 it's my racquet.
look sweetheart i don't know who you are.
 i don't know what you're doing here.
 but all right.
 i'm going i'm goingnot with give it give it leave all right all right forget it.
 you don't have to mention any of this to miss.
 landis do you?i don't have to but i will.
morning cosmohi mr.
 clotworthyhow are you today?ah couldn't be better.
 hi lorraine.
hi cosmomy mom babs.
hi mrs.
 kramerlorraineyes, it's a fine day what do you say cosmo?hey, everything my man.
what:you know, i don't know the exact pronunciation but i believe its manage a trois.
oooo, that is a wild ideauh?you ma, know i've been thinking.
 i want you to quit that matron job.
yes, well isn't that just easy for you to say.
 what the hell do you think i'm going to do with myself?well maybe we could go into business together.
 if you're clean?i've been clean for two years.
 anyway what would we do together?i've got plenty of ideas.
i've always believed in you cosmo.
 you know that.
 so i want you to call that place today and tell then tha you're through.
all right.
 i'll do it.
mmmm mm so good.
 so glad.
will you excuse me i've got to freshen up.
and why shouldn't you? be fresh stay freshi'll be back.
 i'm not feeling very well.
care to see our dessert menu?uh, yeah.
 do you know babs?oh, yeah i was sorry to hear she left.
babs left?she quit today.
ah ha.
what are you doing here george?i was just wondering what it was you wanted for dessert.
how ya feelin'?hi newmanhi babswhat are you doin'minding my own business.
you'll never get into trouble that way.
what makes you think i'm lookin for trouble?from what i hear you postmen don't have to look too far.
ha ha ha well you know sometimes it just has a way of finding you.
 cigarette?don't mind if i do.
heywhat happened to babs.
 she never showed up last night.
 the whole thing blew up in my face.
ah, that's a shame.
hey, what happened with sandy.
 i forgot all about it.
 did you call her?yeah, i did.
 in fact i went over there.
so what happened? she throw you out? eh?no actually, she took it pretty well.
so what happened?she's into it.
into what?the manage.
 and not only that.
 she just called me and said she talked to the roommate and the roomate's into the manage too.
that's unbelievable.
oh, it's a scene man.
do you ever just get down on your knees and thank god that you know me and have access to my dementia?what are you talking about? i'm not goin to do it.
you're not goin to do it? what do you mean, you're not goin to do it?i can't.
 i'm not an orgy guy.
are you crazy? this is like discovering plutonium by accident.
don't you know what it means to become an orgy guy? it changes everything.
 i'd have to dress different.
 i'd have to act different.
 i'd have to grow a mustache and get all kinds of robes and lotions and i'd need a new bedspread and new curtains i'd have to get thick carpeting and weirso lighting.
 i'd have to get new friends.
 i'd have to get orgy friends.
 naw, i'm not ready for it.
if only something like that could happen to me.
oh, shut up you couldn't do it either.
i know.
hey, what happened? did you get your racquet?no, i got caught.
what do you mean you got caught?her assistant caught me.
 and now i'm probably not going to get a job.
 he's going to tell landis that i was sneakin around her office.
i still don't understand how you can get in trouble for taking your own racquet.
meanwhile mr.
 pitt's got this match with ethyl kennedy this afternoon.
hey.
hi cosmo.
hi cosmothanks man.
hey, doesn't newman have a bruline racquet?uh, yeah, yeah, but he's on vacation.
 went to baltimore.
hum, but you've got the key to his place right?yeahwell elaine needs to borrow his racquet.
 just for today.
all right all right.
 come on i'll take you over to newman'shey, cosmo what happened to your mother last night.
 she hung me out to dry.
she quit.
it would have been nice if someone told me about it.
 i just think you could have said something.
 that's all.
don't talk to me george, talk to her.
well where is she?i don't know.
ma!cosmo!we din, we didn't cosmo? you sure you don't want the tickets? no thanks.
 i can't believe i'm having trouble getting rid of super bowl tickets.
 i'm telling you, skip the drake's wedding, go to the game.
 i can't, the drake put me in the wedding party.
 well who schedules his wedding on super bowl sunday? maybe he didn't know? lemme see.
 i can't believe you got these for free.
 row f?! row f, in front of the gs, hobnobbing with the ds and es.
 howbout kramer or elaine, they don't want them? i asked.
 elaine laughed at me, kramer's only interested in canadian football.
 wish i could help you.
 come on, take them.
 you could take bonnie.
 you paying my hotel and airfare to miami? what do you think? so in order to use these, i gotta spend like fifteen-hundred bucks.
 this is a bill for fifteen-hundred dollars.
 plus, she'd ask about the sleeping arrangements, that whole sleeping arrangement conversation is depressing.
 yeah, sleeping arrangements.
 so, you haven't, uh  oh, no no no, i haven't even seen her apartment yet.
 tomorrow night's the first night.
 aah.
 hey, is that tim whatley? the dentist? yeah, is he still mad at you for crashing his thanksgiving party? oh, no.
 i explained the whole thing to him, he was fine with it.
 oh good.
 yeah, i blamed it on you.
 hi tim.
 hey jerry! george.
 what are you up to? ah, just a couple of gals out on the town, shopping and gabbing.
 i'm getting a makeover.
 hey.
 how would you like to go to the super bowl? what, are you kidding? here.
 two tickets.
 have a good time.
 how can i think you? i'll tell you what, i'll take you to dinner sometime.
 you ever been to mendys? no no no.
 no dinner.
 tim, you didn't have to get me a thank you gift.
 i know, it's a label maker.
 the label baby junior.
 yeah, i hear they're good.
 well, label me thankful.
 okay, well you enjoy those tickets.
 buh-bye.
 come in.
 where can i put this? what is it? it's risk, jerry.
 the game of world conquest.
 s perfect.
 kramer, why do you have to hello, newman.
 hello, jerry.
 will he take it? i gotta go to work.
 take what? the board, jerry.
 we've been playing at newman's for six hours but he's gotta go.
 so why don't you leave it at newman's? i wanted to, he won't let me.
 we have to put the board in a neutral place where no one will tamper with it.
 so that's here? yes, yes.
 you're like switzerland.
 i don't wanna be switzerland.
 jerry, newman and i are engaged in a epic struggle for world domination.
 it's winner take all.
 people cannot be trusted.
 don't look at me.
 oh, i'm looking right at you, big daddy.
 alright, soldier boys, let's fall out.
 alright, so you're gonna look after it? yeah, yeah.
 stay strong buddy.
 yeah.
watch it good.
 ok.
 hey.
 hey.
 hey.
 oh, is that a label maker? yes it is.
 i got it as a gift, it's a label baby junior.
 love the label baby, baby.
 you know those things make great gifts, i just got one of those for tim whatley for christmas.
 tim whatley? yeah.
 who sent you that one? one tim whatley! not, my tim whatley? the same, he sent it as a thank you for my super bowl tickets.
 i think this is the same one i gave him.
 he recycled this gift.
 he's a regifter! or maybe he liked your gift so much, he decided to get me the same thing.
 perhaps it's an homage.
 yeah, perhaps.
 well how did he react when you gave it to him? um, he said, oh.
 a label maker.
 howbout that?' he repeated the name of the gift? yeah, so? oh, well, if you repeat the name of the gift, you can't possibly like it.
 what do you mean? oh, you know, like when someone opens something up and they go, oh.
 tube socks.
 what are you gonna do about it? i don't know, i guess i'll just get invited up to his apartment and see if he's got a label maker.
 why'd you get him a gift anyway? oh, he did some dental work for me and he didn't charge me so i thought i'd get him a christmas present.
 yeah, well, if you're getting him anything for his birthday, i'm alarge.
 well, here we are.
 this is the place.
 wow.
 do you like it? i love it! this is fantastic! look at this couch, is this velvet?! are you a velvet fan? a fan? i would drape myself in velvet if it were socially acceptable.
 and look at this, hardwood floors! aren't they great? oh, scott, hi.
 this is george.
 george, this is scott, my roommate.
 heh heh.
 here, check out this view.
 if you lean out this window, you can see the river.
 so scott's your roommate, huh? yes.
 oh, i'm sure i've mentioned him.
 no, you didn't mention it.
 he's a great guy, you'll really like him.
 i'm sure i will.
 male roommate, huh? yes.
 a male roommate.
 is this a problem? it's a huge problem, jerry.
 the hardest part about having sex with a woman is getting her to come back to your place! he's already got that.
 well, maybe he's -- no.
 believe me, he's not.
 so he's an eligible receiver.
 she's confiding in him about our dates.
 you always like the person you talk to about the date more than the date! it's just a matter of time till they realize, hey, we could have sex.
' what's stopping them? exactly! you know how they get animals to reproduce in captivity? they just put them in the same cage.
 what does he look like? oh, that's the worst part of it.
 he looks just like me.
 he looks like you and he's working from the inside? i look like me and i'm working from the outside.
 who do you think is in the better position? not you.
 ho ho.
 this bizarre ?harrod? experiment must end! we'll take a check please.
i gotta find a way to work this out, i love that apartment.
 it's so cozy, i'm ensconced in velvet.
 you know, if it were socially acceptable-- i know, you would drape yourself in velvet.
 i've said that before? many times.
 you love velvet, you want to live in velvet, everything with the velvet.
 hey.
 hey.
 hey.
 guess what? i saw newman talking to the super.
 so what? the super has keys to your apartment.
 don't you see what's going on? newman is planning a sneak attack.
 oh, maybe he's got no hot water.
 yeah, alright, fine.
 you sit there and you watch while newman takes over the world.
 but he'd be a horrible leader.
 and you know who's gonna suffer? the little people; you and george.
 are you through? oh.
 i talked to arthur jobanian.
 yeah, the drake's wedding? that's off.
 the wedding is off? what happened? the drake, he found out that the wedding is on the same day as the super bowl.
 so he wanted to postpone it, they got in a big argument and it's over.
 the wedding is off.
 now you can go to the super bowl.
 i can't call tim whatley and ask for the tickets back.
 you just gave them to him two days ago, he's gotta give you a grace period.
 are you even vaguely familiar with the concept of giving? there's no grace period.
 well, didn't he regift the label maker? possibly.
 well, if he can regift, why can't you degift? you may have a point.
 i have a point, i have a point.
 alright, i'll call him.
 yeah.
 what's that? oh, it's risk, it's a game of world domination being played by two guys who can barely run their own lives.
 t change them.
 re his tickets, he can do what he wants with them.
 thanks.
 alright, i gotta go.
 i'm heading over to bonnie's.
 what are you gonna do about the roommate? i gotta try and find a way to switch places with him.
 it's like a sigfried and roy trick.
 well, the pickle breath is a good start.
 hello jerry, may i come in? what do you want? nothing, just being neighborly.
 do you wanna hang out? shoot the breeze? i'm not letting you cheat, newman.
 you're not getting anywhere near that board.
 jerry? i'm a little insulted.
 you're not a little anything, newman.
 so just pack it up and move it out of here.
 oh, by the way, what are you doing for the super bowl? i dunno, watch it on tv i guess.
 why? well if you watch closely enough, you just might see me.
 i'll be the one waving to the camera from my seat on the forty yard line.
 you're going to the super bowl? yes i am, a guy on my mail route just got a couple of tickets and he offered one to me.
 what's his name? tim whatley.
 that's my ticket! is it?! ohhh, well if only you'd known, you could have saved some time and given it directly to me! ha ha ha.
 newman! what a movie.
 good choice.
 thank scott.
 he recommended it.
 oh, scott, scott.
 he's really great, isn't he? yes he is.
 yes he is.
 let me ask you something.
 when you come out of the shower and you put your robe on, do you cinch it real tight, are you concerned about that? george? do you hold the neck together with one hand, or are you just letting it flap in the breeze? george, you're being ridiculous.
 what's the massage situation? what do you mean? is there any work being done? is there any rubbing, touching, finger manipulation on the other person, and if so, who's making the request? george, would you just stop? say you go to the bathroom at two o'clock in the morning, what's the outfit? i mean, you dressing up or is it come as you are? george, what is wrong with you? i'll tell you what's wrong, a grown woman with a male roommate! it's unnatural, it's an abomination! hey! hey! how ya going? i'm good.
 m gonna jump in the shower.
 no, just throw my bras out of the way.
 well, this is my building.
 yes it is.
 this was fun, you know? yeah.
 so, i'll call.
 aren't you gonna invite me upstairs? upstairs? you wanna go upstairs? i would love to go upstairs.
 elaine, you are something else.
 no one can ever put a label on you, huh? we'll see.
 newman.
 he's going with newman.
 how does tim whatley even know newman? newman's his mailman.
 who goes to the super bowl with their mailman?! who goes with newman?! well, he's merry.
 he is merry, i'll give him that.
 s this plant for? i had a little tiff with bonnie about the roommate.
 oh, well the cactus will smooth things over.
 hey, guess what? i'm going to the super bowl with tim whatley.
 what? we went out for coffee last night and he offered me a ticket.
 what about the label maker? ah, well.
 wait a minute, that's my ticket! you didn't even want to go.
 it was totally out of the blue.
 we went upstairs to his apartment, you know, to look for the label maker.
 so, how did you get up there? did you say you had to use the bathroom? no.
 then how'd you get up there? i said, do you wanna go upstairs?' and there's you ticket.
 what? that's why you're going to the super bowl.
 why? you go out with a guy one time, you ask him to go upstairs like you're mae west? of course he's gonna try and get you alone for the weekend.
 you mean just because i asked him to go upstairs, he thinks he's going downtown? obviously.
 you're crazy.
 well, what happened when you got upstairs? as soon as we walked in, he got a call from one of his patients with an impacted molar or something so he had to leave.
 i didn't even get a chance to look for the label maker.
 yeah, well i don't trust this guy.
 i think he regifted, he degifted, and now he's using an upstairs invite as a springboard to a super bowl sex romp.
 hey.
 hey.
 what are you doing? i'm watching your door.
 my door? yeah, from my peephole.
 fisheye, sees all.
 what was that? newman! damn! the bedroom! i see you, newman! i see you! i'm taking the congo as a penalty! i've got a confession to make.
 oh? what's that? i've got super bowl fever.
 oh yeah, me too.
 so where are we staying? oh, the ambassador.
 oh.
 big room? it's a regular room, but it's right downtown.
 downtown? right downtown.
 what do they have there, a couple of beds? why? you bringing someone else? no, but don't you think there should be two beds? there's two of us.
 oh, a cactus.
 they don't need any water, so you don't have to keep taking them to the bathroom.
 well, look who's here.
 i asked scott to move out.
 oh.
 oh! so she kicked him out of the apartment.
 that's right.
 it's just me and her.
 wow, she rearranged her whole life for you.
 i guess she did.
 he's gone, now i'm the man.
 that's not a good role for you.
 no, it's not.
 you unwittingly made a major commitment.
 that's a lot of pressure.
 oh my god.
 you wanted to be ensconced in velvet, you're buried.
 i had the perfect situation here, he was shouldering half the load.
 he was shouldering.
 t leave well enough alone?! where are you going? i gotta go help her tape up all his boxes and get them ready for shipping.
 oh, well here.
 take whatley's label maker, i don't want to see it again.
 thanks.
 t nothing you can do about it.
 so, too bad about that super bowl ticket, eh newman? yeah.
 i just hope tim whatley's electric bills don't suddenly get lost in the mail, or it could be lights out for him.
 thanks for having me over, guys.
 alright, i'll see you later.
 hey jerry? ah, tim whatley.
 out scalping? ah, see, now i've been thinking a lot about what happened and i feel horrible.
 listen, i want to give you a ticket back.
 are you serious, what about elaine?oh, elaine.
 yeah, well, things just didn't work out like i thought they would.
 oh.
 re towing your car!! re towing my car!! what are you doing? i'm taking the board with me.
 so, i guess i'll see you at the game.
 yeah, see you there.
 hi, george.
 what, what happened? where's, where's all the stuff? it's gone.
 it was all his.
 is this a label maker? the table, the stereo, the vcr, the velvet couch, where's the velvet? they were his.
 besides, we don't need any of those things.
 we have each other.
 are you sure you know where the impound yard is? oh, stop stalling.
 come on.
 i can't think, there's all this noise.
 or is it because i've built a stronghold around greenland? i've driven you out of western europe and i've left you teetering on the brink of complete annihilation.
 i'm not beaten yet.
 i still have armies in the ukraine.
 ha ha, the ukraine.
 do you know what the ukraine is? it's a sitting duck.
 a road apple, newman.
 the ukraine is weak.
 it's feeble.
 i think it's time to put the hurt on the ukraine.
 i come from ukraine.
 you not say ukraine weak.
 yeah, well we're playing a game here, pal.
 ukraine is game to you?! howbout i take your little board and smash it!! hello, tim.
 elaine, hi.
 don't worry, tim.
 i didn't come by to yell at you, i didn't come by for that at all.
 i just came by to pick up my label maker.
 i gave you a label maker and now i would like to have it back.
 but you gave it to me.
 but you gave me a ticket to the super bowl.
 hand it over, whatley.
 uh, ok.
 you don't have the label maker, do you? uh, no.
 i knew it! you're a regifter! oh, yeah, some gift.
 that thing didn't work at all.
 what? you put a label on something, then ten minutes later it would peel right off.
 it was the worst gift i ever got.
 well, i bought it for you because you were so nice to me for not charging me for the dental work.
 the way you worked on my filling, you were so, so gentle and so caring and so sensitive.
 oh, elaine! h g f.
 seat four.
 one, two, three f-- hello newman.
 hello, jerry.
 tim couldn't make it, he's in love.
 isn't that wonderful? oh, it's enchanting.
 hi.
 here's the tv.
 i know you wanted to watch the super bowl.
 do you at least have some towels we could sit on? it's, like, a four hour game.
 george, scott's gonna drop by.
 he said he never got his boxes.
 i'll get the towels.
 how am i gonna get out of this? think costanza, think! here we are.
 hey, do you know, bonnie, i just had a pretty wild idea.
 what is it? well i, uh, i'm not sure how you pronounce it or anything, but i, uh, i believe it's m&eacute;nage &agrave; trois? what? hi.
 scott! remember what we talked about the other day? george is into it.
 oh really?! great streak of luck i'm having.
 first, kramer almost beat me at risk but i narrowly escaped, and then tim whatley gives me his super bowl ticket.
 can you move over at all?! and then, just as i'm about to go, these boxes show up at the post office with no labels.
 no labels, jerry.
 you know what that means? freebies!! i got this great mini-tv and a vcr, oh it's unbelievable.
 an inch! can you move over an inch?!?hey george.
gary? well, well, well well.
 where the hell've you been? i've been leaving you phone messages for months.
i know.
 i've been pretty busy.
busy.
 don't give me busy.
 who's not busy? i'm busy, we're all busy, everybody's busy.
 all right, tell me, what's kept you so busy?mostly chemotherapy.
 kay, i'll see you.
 hey pig! hey! hey! hey!so you called the cop a pig?i was yelling at the litterbug.
 i mean this is my town.
 you don't throw trash on the streets of my town.
didn't you explain that to the cop?no, i fled the scene.
 hey.
 hey buddy.
hey, uh what?kramer, i, i, i, uh, i need to talk to jerry privately.
oh.
 what about?kramer aw come on george, you can share it with me, huh?hey, you're hurting me!you gonna share it with me next time, huh?i swear, i swear!aw, all right, i'm looking forward to it.
right, i got news.
 you ready? gary fogel had cancer.
oh yeah, i knew.
you knew? how did you know?he told me a few months ago.
why did he tell you and not me?i don't know.
how are you closer to him than me?so, is he okay?oh yeah, he's fine, fine.
 he was in bad shape for a while though.
huh, really? how bad? was he on his death bed?no, he was on his regular bed.
so why didn't you tell me?he swore me to secrecy.
so?it's not like you're my wife.
well, i still think you shoulda told me.
hey, believe me, you were better off not knowing.
 it's not easy to deal with someone in a situation like this.
 i was so nice to him i almost made myself sick.
well, i wanna talk to him about this.
that's right, you let him have it.
mmm-mm.
who is he not to tell you about his life-threatening illness?that's what i'm saying.
his illness is your business.
if not mine, whose?if not now, when?were you just talking about me?no, an old friend of ours, gary.
oh, the guy with cancer? s not your wife!if i told you, you woulda given it away.
you don't think i can keep a secret?no, but he would've read your face.
you don't trust my poker face?do you ever win at poker? no.
hey.
 oh, i just saw your old boyfriend on tv.
egh, jake jarmel?yeah.
 i really liked those glasses he was wearing.
 where'd he get those.
why? you don't wear glasses.
i know, i know.
 but i need a new look, i'm stagnating.
i have to say, as a glasses wearer i take exception to that.
 that's like me buying a wheelchair to cruise around in.
yeah, i've considered that.
 look, how do i get in touch with this guy?well, he's having a two day book signing at waldens.
ah.
you know, we had a really bad break-up.
the jujy fruits? yeah, the jujy fruits.
okay, k-man, enjoy the book.
okay, thank you.
 listen jake, uh, where did you get those eyeglass frames?i can't tell you that.
so you don't know where you got em?yes i do.
 but i don't want anyone else to have them.
well, that's peculiar.
 eh, there's that woman that never talks to anybody.
really?every day she comes in, she sits at that table and reads.
 never talks to anybody.
oh, i talked to debby bibelo.
 she said to say hi.
 t decide to confide in me.
well frankly, you can't keep a secret.
 you know, you'd get two pair, the whole table knows.
well i still think it was wrong.
right, well i'm sorry, all right.
 i guess i was just thinking of myself.
 yes.
 so i called the litterbug a pig, not you.
 i like policeman.
 i wanted to be a policeman.
yeah? so why didn't you?scared of being shot.
mr kramer, let me tell you a story.
 in nineteen-seventy-nine i ticketed a brown dodge diplomat for parking in a church zone.
 that fine was never paid, and since then that scofflaw has piled up more parking tickets than anyone in new york city.
 for sixteen years i pursued him, only to see him give me the slip time and time again.
 i never got a clean look at his face, but he's become my white whale'.
 mr kramer, that day was yesterday! but thanks to you, i don't know if i'll ever get that chance again!i like that eye patch.
 t park in this city.
 hey, george, listen.
 you know that company i work for, they own that parking lot around the corner.
wha, that's a kinney lot?yeah, and there's a space opening up, and i could get it for you.
 you just have to pay the tax on it.
 it'd be like, fifty a month.
fifty bucks a month, that's incredible! okay, thanks.
all right, i got lunch, all right.
you still owe me a secret.
all right, listen.
 there is something i haven't told you, all right?yeah?yeah, but uhm, you can't tell jerry.
what do think i tell jerry everything? it's not like he's my wife.
okay.
 well, the thing is, i've been living a lie.
just one? i'm living like twenty.
 s yours?well, i so he refused to tell you where he got the glasses? yeah, isn't that just like him? em.
yeah, tell me about it, soul sister.
 anyway, i told jake that you said hi.
what? you told jake i said hi?yeah.
i can't believe you did that! why did you tell him i said hi? i never said hi! when did i say hi?i never heard her say hi.
well, it's uh, common courtesy.
no, no.
 t understand.
 he made the last contact between us.
 i had the upper hand in the post-breakup relationship.
 if he thinks that i said hi, then i lose the upper hand.
it's like a game of tag.
where you going?nowhere.
you're going to the book store to see jake jarmel, aren't you?so what if i do?  elaine!hey.
 how'd it go with gary?  really? yeah.
you look like something's on your mind.
no.
 nothing.
 fine.
 so, that's your poker face.
my regular face.
no it isn't.
 i've seen your regular face.
 that is not it.
what are you saying?all right george, c'mon, what d'you got? i got nothing.
what you got, a pair of bullets?what you talking about?two pair? three of a kind?will you stop it?oh my god, you got a flush! you're holding a flush!i don't have a flush.
a full house? you got a full house? turn em over george, i wanna see em.
 come on, i'm calling! you got! gary fogel never had cancer!so you see, kramer took it upon himself to say hi to you from me.
 when in fact it was an unauthorised hi.
you're saying you didn't say hi.
that's what i'm saying.
so that's what you came down here to tell me?correct.
you never said hi?correct.
you still like me, don't you?correct.
 s that?hey, i have been trying to get this book signed all day.
 t even say hi to you?elaine, coming down here to say that you didn't say hi is more of a gesture than if you did say hi.
ah, jake i, uh the doctors thought he had cancer, but the surgery revealed he never actually had it.
so what was wrong with him?nothing!so he's been lying to me for two months?!that's right.
what kind of person is this? there's only one other person who might be able to do something like this, and that's you.
well i don't even think you could do it.
oh, i could do it.
yeah, i guess you could.
 mon.
did you know he was so worried about losing more hair if he had to get chemo treatment, i bought him an unlimited gift certificate at the hair team for men, just to put his mind at ease?you did that?yeah.
 oh, i can't wait to talk to this guy.
 wait a minute, wait a minute.
 you can't say anything.
 why not? s giving me a parking spot around the corner for practically nothing.
so you're telling me, because you're getting free parking, i gotta pretend this guy had cancer when he didn't?yeah.
well i don't like it.
 i don't like it one bit! and, i'm supposed to see him tomorrow.
yeah, well you have to maintain the same disposition too.
 you can't start acting any differently.
 you have to be nice.
why didn't he tell me?because you were being so nice.
i don't think i can be that nice.
 you be nice!gary?what d'you think? check it out.
 is that from my gift certificate?yeah buddy.
 you really came through for me man.
 you've been so nice.
  m glad you could take advantage.
hey, you know what i'm thinking of doing? i'm getting rid of all my fillings, cos that mercury's toxic.
 hey, let me see your fillings.
i don't think so.
oh come on, open up.
 let me take a look.
you be nice! he's giving me a parking space parking space parking space  re loaded.
okay.
 hey, look who's over there.
 miss cool-toes.
 check this out, jack!  hey buddy.
hey.
 look at you.
 wha what's this?it's an eyepatch.
you look like a pirate.
i wanna be a pirate.
 this is gary.
 how you doing?all right.
well, i tell you there's only one problem.
can't see on your right side?no.
 it's uh, s itchynice car.
yeah.
 once belonged to jon voight.
so, what made you just call me out of the blue like that?oh, well, uh.
 gary told me you said hi.
i didn't say hi.
you didn't?uh, no.
 i told him to send you my regards.
 i didn't say hi.
regards?yeah, regards.
anyway, i admit i was dumb to go to the bookstore to tell him i didn't say hi, but he didn't have to act so smug.
 oh, i hate smugness.
 don't you hate smugness? smugness is not a good quality.
 here, here.
 i think i got a way of getting back at my ex-boyfriend.
good.
 revenge is very good.
 excuse me, sir.
 sir?yes?uh.
 ah, if you don't mind my asking, could you tell me where you got your glasses?malaysia.
malaysia?yeah.
uhm, look, i know this'll sound odd, but can i buy them from you?actually, i was gonna buy a new pair.
 but i, i can barely see without these.
c'mon.
well, these were expensive.
let's start the bidding.
so, you didn't think this was a date?n no, not really.
 why, is it a date?i thought it was a date.
no.
 it's not a date.
what about the regards?regards don't mean anything.
 i mean, it's not like i said hi.
 hey, the fact is t say anything.
no, tell me.
can you keep a secret?me? oh yeah.
 i never had feelings for gary until he got sick.
 but, h he was so brave and and gained such a wonderful perspective on life.
 i i fell in love with him.
oh, the guy's got some perspective there.
hey, do you know what the whip does?what whip?the whip.
 in the senate, in the house.
well, you know in the old days, when the senators didn't vote the way that the party leaders wanted em to they whipped them.
 she won't talk to anyone, huh? oh no, she won't say a word to anybody.
 well, she's talking a blue streak now, jack!well, well.
 the white whale'.
 t even know why they sell cars in manhattan.
don't complain, at least you have your health.
george, look out for that man! hey! hey, get back here! newman! the white whale!can you believe he sold his glasses on the street?can you believe someone would lie about chemotherapy to get a wig? would you do that?no.
 definitely not.
yeah.
i'm pretty sure i wouldn't.
and you know what else? he picked up that woman in the coffee shop.
the one who always sits by herself?yeah!how did he do that?because he was brimming with confidence from the toupee.
really? and debby told me that she fell in love with him because he has all this perspective!she thinks a guy who lies about a life-threatening illness, so he can get some phony hair has perspective? he picked her up?walked right over to her table.
wow.
 jake, jake.
 take a look.
 em.
 i have them too.
where did you get those?malaysia.
 i was in the area.
 kramer.
just drive.
all right.
 now you listen, and you listen good.
 i know who you are.
 you're the scofflaw.
 re you talking about  s me, cosmo.
all right, so it's me.
 so what?you don't think i know how you're feeling, every second of the day? looking over your shoulder to see if someone's coming up from behind.
 sitting alone at night, knowing they could be closing in.
i can't sleep, i tell you! i can't sleep!ga, of course you can't, you poor sap! now why didn't you tell me?i couldn't.
 i couldn't tell anyone.
so you been living this secret the whole time by yourself? help me kramer! help me!all right, all right, i'm gonna help you.
i'll try some on and see how they look.
 it's just hair.
you ever see what that thing looks like in the back? you got your natural little curls on the bottom, and then that big phony mat coming down on top of em.
well, some of em look good.
 the ones that look good you don't even know about.
what if you get involved with a woman? how're you gonna tell her?the way they make em these days, i'll never have to tell her.
so you keep it a secret your whole life, then at your funeral the mortician comes out aahh!it's no secret that it's my dream to have my own publishing house, and if this jake jarmel book does, you know, what i think it's gonna do.
 if i can get this whole thing off the ground, then , you know, i think i'll have something for you.
 oh, mr lippman.
 that is so exciting.
 i mean, you have no idea how sick i am of running around town looking for socks.
yeah, by the way, those are great glasses.
oh really, you like em?uh huh.
 very unusual.
well, you know what? what? em.
oh, no no no.
 please.
no no no no.
 go to that place on the corner, they'll change the prescription in an hour.
 take em.
really?yeah, i've no use for them anymore.
 honestly.
 i could use a new pair of reading glasses.
they're from malaysia.
 oh yeah? fabulous.
well mr newman, in all my years on the bench, i have never come across anything quite like this.
 i have given this matter some very serious consideration and i've decided that what's best for the city and possibly for yourself, is for you to keep your car, in a garage  convenient to your home.
 t afford that!afford it you will, mr newman.
 or this court will see that your car is impounded  and sold at auction.
well, don't you worry, your honour.
 he's in my custody.
 you think? t say.
no, say.
 i want you to say.
it's not good, okay.
 it's not good.
 you look m sorry.
you have to realise this has not been custom-fitted to his scalp.
 i really think this looks pretty good.
why don't you get a pair of white shoes, move down to miami beach and get the whole thing over with? well, maybe you could show me something else.
as i said, it'll be different once we design something specifically for you.
 but i don't think your friend here is being very helpful.
oh, hey, i'm being helpful.
 i am the only one being helpful! re being disruptive, and you make it very difficult for your friend here to improve his life!hey! i'm trying to prevent my friend from becoming one of those guys people snicker at behind their back, because they look ridiculous! no offence to you personally! all right! take it easy! take it easy.
 jerry!i'm sorry.
please.
 hey jerry, th george, you decided to get a rug! good for you, jack!well, i'm, i'm just looking.
oh.
 m gonna need a little adjustment.
i'll be right with you.
listen, george, i got some bad news.
 i'm not gonna be able to give you that parking space.
what?what?this judge has to use it for some scofflaw.
 and you know you can't fight city hall.
you know, gary i had a little chat with george the other day  t?! i did.
  m not a hundred percent recovered yet!gimme that thing!how's your life? all right?yeah, not bad at all.
 so jake, what's your percentage on this book?oh, actually i, uh, i have some very interesting information on that.
 you know, uh, this is a co-venture and as  where did you get those? as such, it those glasses, where did you get those glasses? where what? i want the glasses! give me those! look for some socks.
